# Alex Becker - Complete YouTube Channel Transcripts
# Total videos found: 142
# Downloaded: 2026-02-19 04:00:10
# Source: https://www.youtube.com/@alexbeckerbusiness/videos



================================================================================
TITLE: I Vibe Coded A $100,000 A Day App (My Step by Step Process)
VIDEO ID: 7DwDddzwoVY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DwDddzwoVY
================================================================================

No, you oversensitive, emotional, silly Sally. Take your Xanax pills. Calm down. The title of this video, not clickbait. I have SAS companies that are generating me well over $100,000 per day. And in this video, I'm going to show you how as a CEO and a non-technical founder, how I vibe code the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of these. And look, I know you as my viewer, you might have been wondering the past 45, 60 days, why have I been making videos? Where have I been? And the God's honest truth is once Opus 4.5 dropped, it unlocked an ability to code and add things to my SAS companies that I never had before. This is equivalent to giving a college kid who's just been getting drunk on beer the last couple years a juice energy drink. If you guys remember those things, it was it was caffeine mixed with excessive amounts of alcohol. You would get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasted off one. It was it was wonderful. And just like discovering Opus 4.5, it was the point where code from LLM has hit the point where as a non-technical person, you can build substantial significant improvements to your SAS company or just vibe code a company from scratch if you know what you're doing. And in this video, I'm going to be breaking down my entire process for doing that at my companies and where we've made huge giant leaps with my companies to achieve this. On top of this, I'm going to be breaking down how you should be doing this if you're a new founder and you actually want to code from scratch and how to work with your developers or if you're a developer how you should be working in your systems right now. And yes, what I'm going to do is is the typical vibe coding CEO is going to be telling you as a person and an engineer how you should be running your code if this video wasn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] obnoxious enough. And so that's it. We're going to go through the entire process start to finish. Here it is and everything we're going to go through. Let's begin. So, first off, what is vibe coding and agentic coding? And does it can you actually code? Can you actually do this on production software? Can you actually do this to make money? Not these little stupid shitty apps you see everybody doing, not to organize your email. Can this be done at large scale or to build your first company and start making money through? The answer is yes, with caveats. Right now, what people think vibe coding is is they're either in two camps. One, they either think it's some useless stupid silver spoon preachy developer thing. they won't touch it kind of vibe or your person who's screaming developers are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] engineers are over, no one needs developers ever again on Twitter. And both of these people are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They're both wrong. I'm going explain to you why. See, engineering is is not dead. And developing and needing engineers is definitely not dead either. You're not going to be replacing any engineers anytime soon because developing software still takes engineering, which is knowing how the architecture of the software goes together. I don't care if you have people building your house, which is the AI. You still need to know if you're the architect how everything goes together and fits together. You need to be able to plan. You need to be able to structure ideas. You need to be able to plan how things are going to work and fit together in the system that you're building. So, what does this mean? I don't think vibe coding is capable of building or adding anything to your companies. I don't like the term vibe coding because you really don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing and you're just going off vibes. I do like the term agentic engineering, which is just basically a fancier way to say vibe coding. It makes me feel better about myself. But in truth, what we're doing is we're going to be doing the same engineering that you see done in software, the same processes that come to planning, building, and putting it all together. But we're going to be using agents to code a lot of it and agents to review the code. And you can do massive amounts of improvements to live apps, large apps. And if you understand how to put this together in your softwares and the strategy behind it, you can do it on large production apps. You can use it to start apps from scratch and start billing and running a completely legitimate software company. and you can use it to make massive improvements to how your company works as well. I'm going to be showing you examples of all these right now. So, look, this isn't going to be a how-to to use Claude and Opus and everything that comes with it. I will make one of those if you guys really want. I just feel there are better videos on it on YouTube. And the more important thing to using Opus or any of the LLMs, it doesn't matter which ones you're using, is understanding the process that you go through with the LLMs to plan, structure, and then develop your apps. The the process is what matters. It's the conversation you're having with LMS. It isn't the specific techniques you're using. From my point of view, which is not someone who's doing massive there's the super genius engineers out there, okay? And there's the people that are building all sorts of crazy technical stuff. If you're building some new functional form of technology that's able to send people back in time, please disregard what I'm saying here. But for the most part, if you're trying to get results with vibe coding or what I'm going to refer to as agentic coding to sound scientific and smart for the rest of the video, you don't need to be doing all these technical crazy things. If you're going and browsing around, you're seeing people running eight different windows at once. You're going to see people talk about Ralph loops and you're going to be see talk about their all their agents and their skill setup and their building steps. And the truth is if you just understand how the process works and how context windows work and how overall the thing is going to be thinking and putting things together, you don't need to be doing complicated anything. And in fact, I think the complicated anything make it even worse because as you're building something, it's like if you're building out a house, you need to go one step at a time and you don't need to be doing 5,000 different things all at once. And yes, there's all sorts of automations and clever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but you don't need the clever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You need to be able to carefully think about what you're doing because when you're building these things, it often doesn't require this thing to sit there for 12 hours in code. You're going to work with it. It's going to do it for 20 minutes and you're going to come back. So, first let's back up to that right there. We don't want to get into the super technicalities of this. I want to show you the overview and the thought process how to use and then you can of course go figure out how to learn how to use clog code or something on your own if you're not using it. I don't I if you're a founder right now and you're not ability you don't have the ability to use cloud coder or opus or anything like that, you really are just behind. So you should get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. But that being said, you need to understand as we get into this how you're going to be applying this. You're not going to be cracking open your large production software. I'm not going to be cracking open just booting up, throwing it in in VS Code and Cloud and just going to town on the thing. Okay? That's not how I want to do it. And I also don't want to go to certain parts of the software and start coding on it. I also don't want to be messing with the general software overall because what you're going to see when you're working with really large apps is the problem with really large apps isn't the fact that you can't write code [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fast enough. It's the fact that the code needs to be reviewed and every code affects every other part of the code of the app and it has to be understood how it goes in there. And even if the code you pass doesn't have bugs in it, say you don't pass bugs for two, three months, the problem is slowly people stop understanding the code and they slowly start stop understanding how everything fits together. So again, even if you're coding with LMS or you're coding uh by hand, the main issue you're going to run into with large apps, it doesn't matter whether which route you're taking is making sure that the architecture and everything you're building fits on top of each other. And you're going to run into the same issue with LMS if you're using it to write code because it's like you're trying to build a Lego castle and you're not thinking about what's going on this part of the Lego castle or maybe someone's building in the Lego castle over here and they're not considering what's happening over here. And if you have two people building, even if they're working with the best AIS on earth, if they interject with it, they're not going to fit together. And you do have a giant big old problem just like in normal code. So again, you're still going to run into a lot of the large problems that you have at scale when it comes to coding by hand. And you really don't save that much time coding with AI unless you understand how to use it to give like huge massive impact very quickly and segregate what you're doing from the rest of your product. So, I need you to understand that rough little analysis I just gave you before you actually start talking about how we're going to be coding our apps. So, in this example, I'm going to use one of my companies, Hyros, and we're doing about $40 million a year right there, cruising past that. We're growing about 30 40% a year right now. So, it's going well. Companies, it's it's it's a serious company. We're not we're not selling ice cubes in the side of the road. And at Hyros, it's gotten to the point where I'm spending about half my day developing and engineering solutions for the product. It's actually just crazy. So that's one of the reasons I've been making videos because we're getting so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done because of the huge breakthroughs in in LLM and AI coding that just way more profitable and better for my time just be doing this all day. So I want to show you how I think about this at the company and how it's being used on a live giant working service. You can take any of these and apply them to your existing businesses. You can also use them to start another business from scratch. There have been things I have coded up or aically coded. I'm just going to use the word coded in parentheses because I don't think I'm here writing JavaScript and and building out my apps. I think I'm vibe coding, but we're just going to say coding. Okay, I'm not going to say it anymore or explain the difference between them. But I've coded up things at Hyru that could be their own softwares by themselves and I could easily start selling. My goal is to build a company that's making $100 million per year. So, I'm not going to do that right now, but feel free to take these all away. So, as we look at this right here, I want to talk about the three types of apps you can build. So the first thing you need to understand that vibe coding gives you the ability to do at your companies is MVP things very fast and find the technical solutions that can be implemented in your software very fast. So for example if you're a product person which I am my main job at Hyros is to think of the product the designs and everything that's going to go there. You can think of a lot of things and how you want your product to work but technically the things you think up you're not always going to to know exactly if that's the way they're going to be put together and work. So, for example, when you're building an AI agent bot or something that sends emails or manages some part of the company or uh captures code in some certain way, the code and how everything puts together, your team's going to have to figure it out and encode it into your solution. And that can just take a lot of time just for them to research and figure out, much less find the best way to actually optimize it. So, for example, one of the things you can do is build parts of your app that you want to have, build the features out and find the optimal ways for them. So, for example, at our software, Hyros Air, we're able to pinpoint people coming to websites and recognize them uh regardless of whether they enter anything on the the website and follow up with them via e-commerce emails and reps and all sorts of cool stuff. But one of our bigger problems was we had a really hard time making good-looking emails. And so, I had to go and figure out like how can we make these emails look really good when they're generated by AI. And it takes a lot of combinations and you have to know exactly what things are going together and how all the system prompts and user prompts are all put together. And I didn't want my team spending all their time that they would be spending developing features actually figuring this out. So I was able to work with Claude and actually come and develop an app that allows me to test basically any type of generation method with AI the second comes out and I'm able to vibe code and it allows me to then make really beautiful emails and then find the cost and make things optimal for the software and then pass the optimal code to my team. And so I'm able to go and test all sorts of different product features and strategies for the product very very quickly and then find the best version of it and then take the code from that. Have Claude go generate the code that would be optimal based on the high-risisk code and then give that to the team and say hey put this into the product and find a way to put it in there. And so then the engineers time is only spent doing things that are making money and making the features better. This is one of the best ways that I found at first to use it. Now the next thing you can do is also code up things that allow your team to work faster. So for example, one of the most difficult things at Hyris is we have a lot of complex setups that our customers have to use to install the app. Once they do it, their ads absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. By the way, if you're watching this, you have a SAS company. I think you should be using Hyris. There's a reason why everybody uses it because you plug in your ads, you're going to make 10 to 15% 20% sometimes more from your ads. Particularly SAS and B2B ads. This is why every big brand in the world uses it. You can come check it out right now. You can use it. It has a 90-day refund guarantee. If you don't see results from it, you don't see the results I just talked about, you don't pay for it. But we've been around for a very long time at this point. We have thousands and thousands of customers. It's a pretty big company. So, if it didn't work consistently, we wouldn't be there. You should come use it if you're watching this video and you want to make more money from your ads, particularly if you're a SAS business. Anyways, at our SAS company, one of the hardest things is managing people's installs and then keeping all the install documentation up to site up to date on our sites. And so, one of the things you can do, and I'm going to show you the really cool apps here in a second, but I I you some people might roll their eyes because the sexiest thing you build is is infrastructure apps for your business, but this is one of the best applications for it. So you can see with this app right here, what it does is it allows my team to go and manage all the documentation for the business. And you can see if we scroll this over right here, it has when the documentation is uploaded, when it's marked good, it has the person's signed name next to it. And what happens when people are using this with one of our install apps, when the installs go wrong, the customer reports bad, the status turns to bad, it alerts the team, and then they go and check what happened with the bad status and then update doc. And so what this allows us to do is simultaneously manage hundreds of docs that talk about the installs and keep them up to date with what's going on with the companies. And so you can see we used to have a really ugly um documentation website, but I went in and made an entirely new documentation website that manages all this and it plugs into these txt files which then also can then be plugged into Claude. So Claude can set up our our app for our customers as well. But regardless, I was able to go and get all these txt files and it updates these. Cloud's going to look at the TXT files and then rewrite our documentation based on the txt files. So, it's sim it literally allows us to do one of the biggest challenges that we had at our company effortlessly and stay on top of it without our our customer support team having to manage and write hundreds of docs and stay on top of it manually. It's all done for us directly from this system. So, the next thing you can use this for at your companies is infrastructure in your companies. All right, so we have all sorts of new apps and all things to make our teams lives easier. Massive, massive, massive unlock. Just these two right here allow us to get so much more done at Hyros that is focused around getting results for the customer and the product itself. So the two thing I want you to notice right here is we found a lot of ways to segregate what we're building from the actual software itself. This is important because you need to realize when you go in and mess with actual software, the deep internal guts of the software, you're not going to blow everything up. You can 100% use agentic coding inside your software using the steps I'm going to show you in this process. You want your engineers knowing this stuff. You want your engineers working like this. You want your engineers using LOMs a lot when they're coding. There's ways to use it in a controlled format that definitely work. What I'm saying right here is especially if you're a non-technical founder and you're looking to get not be engineering your main software kind of like I do or working with the teams and and the things they're doing, you need to be understanding that one of the best ways to use agentic coding is when it's segregated from your software because then you can make little mini apps to get massive massive progress for your company done that are completely risk-f free to build. And if if you understand the basics what I'm going to show you in this video, maintaining these and keeping these going is effortless. Okay. So, the final thing I'm actually going to show you is actually userused applications. All right. So, I'm going to show you one thing that we've created right here. All right. So, this is actually a setup extension and I built and what it does is, well, I'll just show you what it does. I can type in WordPress right here. And what we had the biggest problem with at Hyros was people getting set up and installing Hyros. So, what I did is we created that that TXT system I showed you. And then I created an app that is going to allow LLM to essentially watch your screen while you're doing setup. And then it walks you through step by step how to do the entire setup. So if I use this app right now, it will walk me through screen by screen, tell me exactly what to do to set up Hyros for WordPress or whatever I type in. It will go scrape my site, look at my stack, and it will go and then tell me what to do. It's basically like having a customer support agent that will sit by with our customers and help them install Hyros, which was our single biggest blocker. Like that's the big problem at Hyros. It's not that it doesn't get results or works. Every time when people come in and set this up, they see huge results in their ads. It basically prints money for people when they come in. It's getting them to take the effort to sit down and actually install it, which in the in the past required people to have to sit down, go through our documentation, figure out their stack, set up, work with our customer support people, get on customer support calls. And as good as our customer support is, people don't like dealing with customers. So that was one of our biggest reasons for turn is because it takes a little bit of time to set up Pyros. Not anymore. And so we're able to use vibe coding to go and solve massive huge chunks of our business. Now with vibe coding as well, we've made I've been working [snorts] on huge leaps at Hyros that allow us to get the raw data, use the APIs to build stuff. There's just nutty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we can put into the software. And if you're thinking about when you're building these type of of mini apps inside of your business, if you think when you're using it for your users or you're giving it to your users, how you can either build stuff that sits outside the software, okay, kind of like this Chrome extension right right here. All right, sits outside of software. I can work on this all day without really risking the app and I can create extra systems that there that uh benefit the customer without really risking the app. Next, you can actually create apps that sit outside the software that can be API called. So for example, I've made a scraping software that our system when people are going through onboarding can use to figure out what sites they need, what their setup process is going to look like. And then Hyru will ping that API so it sits outside the software. Again, I we can work on this, do all sorts of stuff on this all day, lowrisk. And then finally, when you're actually building inside your software, finding ways to structure your architecture so that vibe code specific areas like your front end or your onboarding areas or places that don't really need access to your complicated back end of the software, usually the user interface where your team can lose so muching time coding it. for example, going and changing the UI or changing uh the setup area inside the software, the menu areas or the onboarding systems. Those used to take teams very long amounts of time to do. And so they were working on these instead of building the features that get people to buy your software. These are the most important parts of your software though. Onboarding is the most important part. If you see me talk about on the channel all the time, if you can find ways to segregate the code so you can work on those parts of the app risk-free, then holy moly, you're you can you can you can just cut literally half the development time off your software and put your teams purely on money-making development. These three uh views altogether just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money and make and make if you're a non-technical founder or product person, you can just get so much done. It's ridiculous. Uh, I for the past 60 days, I've just been coding and making apps and coding and making apps and coding and making apps that have just removed so much like freaking red tape at high-risisk. It's insane. Now, using the process I'm going to give you for these, you can even start developing inside your app. You just have to move a little bit slower and be a little bit more careful, especially because you're working with lots of other developers. It's not something I I suggest you doing. I really suggest you giving these smart processes I'm talking about to your developers and having them use it because at the end of the day what doing highlevel development is is it's not writing code. A lot of people can write code. It's understanding how all the code fits together which the AI can do but it's understanding how to make the AI understand what it's looking at and giving the AI enough context and when the AI is working on understanding what the AI is doing to the code which can be done even if you cannot write code. You can still look at what the AI is doing and look at the work it's done and figure out what it's doing. You can even ask it what it's doing. You can ask explain what it just did. And you can if you understand how your app works as a whole, then you understand what it just did to the rest of the app. And so even when you cannot code, you should be able toing read some base code. If if you work in SAS and you're if you can't reading code, like you should understand the gist of where all the files are. You should be able to look at VS Code in your app and like know where the things are. But if you're not even a top level engineer, most of the work is actually still keeping in track of where everything in your software is. So when Cloud does something, it tells you what it does and you know exactly what it did to the rest of the software regardless if you can understand the Python or the JavaScript or Nex.js or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's written in. Okay, so this being said, let's talk about how we would go and actually do this entire process. I want you to think first though, like I just said, how you're going to be using this. Okay, it's not just rip open your software and start coding on it. Okay, so I'm going to show you my entire process from start to finish. Now look, do I think this is the most technically super duper impressive way to be using CL? Yes, baby. Actually, I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] genius. This stuff is this stuff is awesome. I think I'm pretty damn efficient at this. That being said, you're going to see all sorts of setup strategies and loops and technical things and ways to manage the context window that I think if you're trying to get stuff done, I don't think are needed. I think it's much more important you understand how cloud works. Even if your developers are working on your large software, you don't get the results from more complication. You understand that you get the results by understanding how cloud works and making sure claude always has context of what it's doing and full awareness of what it's doing. You're watching what it's doing and you understand what it's doing to your software, which doesn't take a complicated setup. It takes understanding the process and the train and the assembly line of what you're building. Okay? everything else, all the the loops, the agents and and stuff like that that people create. Oh, I got six agents doing six different things at a time. I don't understand the purpose of that because it's just excessive stuff and that's not how you want to build something. It's like if you're writing a novel, you don't want to have something go and you have eight different uh writers all writing your novel at once. You want to write chapter one. You want to review chapter one. You want to carefully go through each part of chapter 1 and make sure it's aligned correctly before going to chapter two. Okay? And as you start making the book, there's going to be things you discover as you're building. Okay? You're going to maybe get to chapter two and say, "Oh, okay. The character should work this way." If you have all these eight different things and everything, you're not carefully crafting what you're doing. And frankly, you don't need to write that much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] code to make an app. Okay? Look, I know there's if you're making your own internet browser, your own coding language, something. Yeah, maybe you do. But if you're adding a feature to your app, if you're adding a tool for your users, Claude is probably going to need to only swing at it for about an hour. And the most important thing is you're thinking about your users and the process and what you're building and how Claude understands it while it's doing it. So when you give it a command, it understand how it fits into the process. And this is where this process starts at. Okay. So while this not might not be the most technical, you can get really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] results with this. Okay. So I'm going to walk you through the planning process all the way to the actual vibe coding process itself. So the first thing you want to do is I I I I use clawed code exclusively. And if we pop open, I'm just going to show you my setup. And I usually have three terminals going the same time. I just kind of crush these all together. Usually I'm just looking at one terminal and I'm moving from one at a time. I don't have them all three open at the same time. That's ridiculous. I know you see people screenshotting that on X. That'sing stupid. You don't need this much text all at once. What I'm usually doing is throughout the day when I'm in like coding mode, I'm just going to have three going at once, which sounds impressive, but it's not because all it does is it goes and works for 5 10 minutes. And then at 5 to 10 minutes, you talk to this one. And in that 5 to 10 minutes, you talk to this one. It's that damn simple. Okay. But what my setup is going to be is I'm just going to use free VS Code. Open the terminal. I'm going to have the eye over here. All right. I'm going to have all my files and everything over here um that I'm going to be looking at. If I need to look at them, you don't really need to be looking at the code. You can look at the code if you want. Especially these smaller apps. There's no point. You don't need to be looking at the code. Like there's no point. If you're doing it with your main software base, yes, you need to be able to read the code. With these smaller apps and everything building, no, you don't need to do the code reviews and if you have enough context and you build it's right with Claude and you understand how to give it context. You don't need to look at the code. I'm sorry you don't I have had no issue for 60 days straight and I've built a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I've built [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that actually does important stuff in our business and there's no problems. Okay, so it's it's more about how you understand how it fits together and the reason why there's no problems because I understand how it fits together which I'm going to communicate to you right now. So you're going to see people using cursor and all sorts of crazy stuff. I love cursor as a company. I think it's cool. I don't understand the point of it. All right, I don't. You really just need a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terminal or you need a chat box and you can just get all the stuff done. You see all the complicated steps, but that's it. So, what I'm going to be doing and I'm just going to work over and make this the main thing we're going to be working on because this is what we're building and I'm going to be talking about how I built this today literally. Um, so what I'm going to have most of the time going is I'm just going to have my setup like this and I'm going to work directly like this most of the time. If I need to read files or look at specific things, this is what I'm going to be looking at. This is where I'm going to be working at most of the time. And I'm just going to be just chatting this little box right here. Now, before we come over here, what a lot of people try to do is they plan inside the terminal, which is fine. I I think that that's great. You can just come over here, plus shift tab, shift to plan mode, and u you know, talk to claw and say, "Okay, I want to add a new browse feature. Let's discuss. give me a list of feature ideas that we could add in list format. Okay. And so what it's going to do is it's going to go in and help me plan and start working through the software. This is a great way to plan out your software. This isn't how I like to do it though. And I think my method is a little bit better for stupid people like me, which I assume you are. Okay. I don't like doing plan mode in this because you're going to spend a lot of context doing this and you're going to add and to test things and to build things out. you're going to have to create a lot of test code. And I like to make test code before I go and actually start developing the right product. And I don't like to make my MD files and everything inside of this. Okay. So, you can see it's actually giving me a bunch of ideas and things I can work with and I'm and planning stuff. I don't want this in here. So, I'm going to hit escape escape and go back and revert. All right. So, that that's the setup that I have right here. So, what I want to do is explain why I start off inside of Claude. All right. And so one of the reasons I also want to break down why I'm doing this is I see a lot of videos on YouTube and X then they're made by developers for developers and I don't really see a lot of product people making coding or agentic coding instructions and here's why I think this is really really important. If you look at at softwares developers and engineers are very very important but what they're usually not doing is doing the proc designs and the design process how the feature is going to look and feel and do and that's the most important thing. Look, I'm not in this video putting and saying developers or engineers are not needed. They are super duper and critically important. If you can do what I'm doing right here as an engineer, you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Moses right now partying the Red Sea. Like you are just the most valuable person on planet Earth. The reason why I think what I'm talking about right here is very important is because I'm coming at this from a product and a product designer angle. And in order to think out your product and how to get it right, you got to do a lot of testing and then you got to understand how to develop it with Claude. And if you're doing it inside the terminal and you start in the terminal right away, you're going to make lots of dumpable code and it's just going to be a big old mess and it's just easier to do everything inside of Claude and brainstorm with Claude uh from the actual just the basic simple system right here. And I think look, you are going to be using this as not probably the senior engineer of your company. And so you want to do things and keep them in simple formats. And so what I'm going to show you in this video is kind of dur simple. All right? And a lot of people aren't going to be starting to like he he doesn't work in the terminal. He's not using 16 alphabetical agent skill systems. No, this works and it's easy for everyone to grasp and it's easy for me to grasp. So, let's talk about this. What we want to do before we even think about coding or starting anything is we want to think about starting a conversation with Claude about what we want to build. Okay? And so, what you're going to want to do first off is you want to describe to Claude what you're looking to build. And you want to describe the intent of what you want to build and where it's going to fit into your company and what your company's trying to do with it. You want to explain the problem to Claude. You want to explain the problem that users have. You want to give a rough breakdown of how you think it would look. And you want to not tell Claude, "Okay, just build this." You want to say, "How would this work? What would be the best systems to do this with? What would be the best structure? Assume that I'm a non-technical founder and you need to explain this to me and don't tell me what I want to hear. push back on my ideas. And so what you're going to see is me discussing with Claude in this this instance that we did. I just made a scanning app today that scans our customer sites and then sets up um all the websites that they have in their tech stack. Okay. And then what it does is it passes this tech stock to the extension. So the extension knows the tech stack to go through. Okay. So I pointed out and explain this all to cloud in this and I say all right we this is what we need to do this. So how could we go and set this up? And so what it does is goes and gives a bunch of ideas on how this is going to work and it describes the MVP to me and I go back and forth with it like here's what we need to do and then one of the most important things you can do when you're planning with claude is at tell it to constantly ask you clarifying questions on your idea. So you can see right here um want me to start building this or the working prototype I can create a sign blah blah blah but I say yes but we need to make these adjustments right here. All right. All right. So what you can see me doing right here is going back and planning with it. And this is a very important example right here because you're going to see I was not specific enough with what I was telling Claude to do. And so this was kind of a a throwaway app. This isn't someone that I was thinking super duper deeply about. I was building this while like doing eight different other things. Okay. So you can see how easy this process is once you get it going. And so what I forgot to tell it is make it an artifact. And the reason why I'm doing all this in the in the actual claude uh just in the browser like a like a normal civilian normie is because of one thing. It has this artifact feature right here which allows me to then go and build the feature out and test it inside of Claude because I don't want to put this on my computer. I don't want to run this locally. I don't want to deal with the architecture of of it yet. I don't want to build a plan how it's going to be on Versal or how I'm going to get it on manage GitHub and all that. I just don't want to do any of that right now or manage the superbase store. I don't want to do any of that. All right. I just want to plan out how the thing is going to work and how um the system will work overall because Claude sometimes doesn't know how the system's going to work either. A lot of the ways that we're building things, you don't really know how the final architecture is going to work and you say, "Oh, maybe we want to use this different uh agent right here. Maybe for this response we want to use Grock. Maybe for this response we want to use Opus. And maybe the way we fetch the HTML, it's too expensive. We use uh Opus to do it. Let's instead use this smart fetch feature." And let's see how that works. Oh, this HTML feature doesn't work. let's let's fetch it like this instead. And so you're going to go back and forth with it in the planning phase and figure out how the tech is actually going to work. Uh and and unless you're freaking raptor Jesus developer, you're not going to sit down and know the perfect architecture for every single app right away. And what you're doing as an engineer, an agentic engineer, um, which I've I've signed myself the certification of is you're you're going to go and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] think of how the damn thing works and how it's going to come together and find the optimal way for it to put together. If I tell Claude, "Make me a tool that scrapes people's websites and tells me their tech stack," it will just make it, but it will miss so much and it won't consider if it's going to work for Hyros or how it's going to work or any of the specifics. and it will make nonoptimal solutions. It could cost tons of credits or tokens or they could just noting work at all and it will just give me the app and I'll put it in cloud code and it won't work and then I've upload this thing to GitHub. It's just a mess. So this artifact step right here when you're planning allows you to go and say all right this is how it's going to work. This is how the rough UI is going to work for this and then you work out all the kinks with it and you just go back and forth with Claude explaining what it's getting wrong or what's not working and you just work on it for a little bit in here until you get the final version of it. Okay. Then when you have the final version of it, what I'm going to do is once you have a final version for it, you go, "Perfect. This is what we're trying to build." So Claude, what I want you to do is I want you to create a PRD or an explanation of what this product is. And you I want you to focus on why we're making the product and the intent and the context of this this thing we're building. We're not just going to go in the claw and say, "Hey, make a scanner app now. We know how it looks. Great. Give me the technical readout. Let's go." We want to make a PRD that explains everything we're doing on this product and everything about the product and how it's going to work and how the features are going to fit together and everything. Okay, this is incredibly important. Not just having a description of the product, but why the product is doing something. So when Claude starts coding later on or wherever make changes, it knows why and what its goal is and what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's trying to do. Every single time Claude boots up, it forgets everything. So if you show it an app and the app is like scanning stuff, it doesn't know why it's scanning stuff or what the point it is or why it's trying to scan things and so it's going to forget things that you were working on before. Okay, this is called the context window. If you're new to this on context windows, very quickly, if you're looking at this, Claude, for right now, if you're working in cloud code has 150,000ish context units. What this means is that Claude's going to compact the conversation and you just look at it. Think of it like this. Okay? You have a book. All right? And let's say after 30 pages, it's able to do is it's only able to keep so many pages at time. So if you start on page number one and you get to page 30 and you go past that, what happens is it starts forgetting everything that's on page one and knows everything all the way to page five. And so it's a window. It's like a it's like a view. And so if you if you have a bunch of information that's on page one, but the context window is on page five or here, and you tell it to do something, it requires the page one information, it's not going to do it well because it doesn't know that's there anymore. Okay? So it's it doesn't it doesn't think it doesn't remember things. It's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screenshot of where it is in the book. Okay? And so what's going to happen in cloud code is when it gets to that point, it compacts itself and summarizes everything and shrinks it down. Now, in the past, this used to be extremely critical. This was like the core thing when you were coding with clawed code. You had to worry about it a lot because it got really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid the deeper it got into the book. And so just be forgetting literally everything all the time. So you try to actually do things in about 150,000 chunk windows. And so you'd work on one feature, you describe everything it needs to know at the start, you'd open the session, get everything done in that window, then document everything, reset the loop, give it everything you just did, reset it over again. I don't do this so much anymore. It is important if you're building like some major feature on your software and you need claude be precise laser. Yes, you you need to maybe be worrying about this right now. If you're doing a Ralph loop, which maybe some of you psychopaths [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are. That's essentially why the Ralph loop exists. That said, the compacting and claude is so good now that I haven't really had to deal with this. And if you're using codeex, for example, I don't see people having to deal with this either over there. So, I don't worry about this too much. You just need to be aware that that's how it what looks that's how the thing is thinking. So you want to make sure in that context window it knows what it's doing and why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's doing it. So the reason why we're building all these documents is so when Claude is coding or getting to work, it knows why it's doing the damn thing. We don't just boot it up, give it the code for the scanning app, say, "All right, we're going to need to add a feature right here that helps the the customer know whether their payment processor is is connected or not." Cloud won't know that it's supposed to be related to the ad account feature because it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know what the app is. This is why we give it this right here and this full breakdown of why we're doing it, how the product works and all the features work together. Then what we're going to have it build is an architecture layout so that whenever Claude knows when it's building, it knows exactly how the app all fits together and where everything is and where it's all located at. This is the same exact reason we're doing the PRD. And then we're going to have it create a build plan. It's going to step by step systematically go and tell it everything that needs to be done to build this app out. This is when we're going to start coding. So then we're going to take this on over to Claude Code and I want to show you how we built this. This is a more simpler app. I've had ones where massive big old file base is working with, but I just want to show you the basics right here. We're going to take this over in the cloud code. And this is when we're going to get to work. And there's processes we want to do before that. Okay. So I don't think I'm going to be able to access my conversation history right here, which is going to be okay. That's fine. I'm just going to go through the process. I'd be doing it from the start. All right. So the first thing I'm going to do right here is you can see I have all these files right here. Okay, we have everything and how it's going to be built out. We also have a cloud MD file. All right, so here's the process we're going to be using. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to boot up cloud code. And I'm not going to do it because I want this session right here. You can always just resume the conversation later on. That's a lot what I do. So the first thing you're going to do is you're actually going to go and I'm going to paste in this claw MD file right here that gives it our working relationship rules and everything it should know about the software that we're building right here. Okay. And the most important thing you have in here is these rules that I have first. And so what these rules basically do is give it very good guard rails of what how to behave when looking at code and interacting. This is actually copied from another YouTuber who I'm going to link below. Um, I forgot his name because there's so many making clog code. Uh, but it will be a link below. So, you get the credit, whoever you are. [laughter] I'm just gonna steal everything you said in your video. Okay. All right. So, look, um, what's going on is I have my core rules right here. Understand before acting. So, like if you see code and you're about to work on something, read the code base and relevant files related to it. Don't just work on it. Check in before you go and do something huge to the software. Before major change, check with me. Communicate clearly. All right. every step of the way provide a high level explanation of what you're doing. So when it's coding out stuff, it's telling me what it's doing. I'm like, "Okay, that's what you're up to, little fucker." And if I see it doing stuff that doesn't make any sense, what shouldn't be happening because I I get the plan from Claude before it codes. If I see it doing something or it clearly misunderstood something, for example, we want a TXT readout and it says starting to make the PDF readout. I'm whoa, whoa, whoa. We want to do txt exports, not PDFs. You stop it, it continues again. All right. Simplicity. We want to have it make simple solutions that don't change large parts of the code. Cloud will make some very creative [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We don't want creative [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right. We don't want like endless ways to backdrop other code. We want stone caveman code that is simple. All right. And then we want it to always maintain the documentation of the work it's doing. So you can see these these files right here are going to constantly updated. So when I boot up a new version of claude or cloud is way outside of its context window of where it is, it's going to look at these files and it's going to know exactly what the last claw did and what's going on. So all these things that it's doing are constantly updated on top of the memory that's compacting over here from claude which is still actually very functional and good. The one I have right here is I say you are the CTO. You're also responsible for the entire product. I copied this from a guy on Lenny's podcast. Very good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcast if you're building stuff or doing stuff for SAS companies or for your SAS company. And what I have it basically say here is I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. You're a CTO. I'm going to give you lots of ideas but assume I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and don't just agree with me. push back on my ideas and find the most optimal code solution. If you don't do this, you're going to give Claude a terrible idea and it's going to be like, "Seems like a good idea, Alex. I guess I'll get to work." And then it codes a back door to Pornhub in the back of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] software because you were an idiot and describe and misype something in. I don't I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Okay, it's going to it's not going to do that. But you can come up with really stupid ideas and it'll be like it should be like, "Hey, that's a stupid idea. We should go about it this way." And you're like, "Yeah, okay. Maybe we do that and it will explain to you why it's a stupid idea so you learn. So we put this claude MD file in first. Then we say it will it will look at the cloud MD file by default. The cloud MD file it's going to look at it before it starts doing everything every single time. You say look look at all these files that I just gave you. Study them to the level that you're able to deeply discuss them. Don't just look at them. Don't just tell it well then go skim it. Look at them to the point you deeply understand them and are able to discuss. notify me when you've done this. It's going to spend a lot of tokens. We have a little token scanner down here. It tells us the context window. You can see right here we're at 126,000 tokens. At 150, it's going to reset. And I'm going to know that, hey, some of the things we talked about are going to be forgotten. I don't pay attention to this that much anymore cuz it's it's context window and and compacting works great. And I assume here in a few months when this upgrades again, I don't think context windows are even going to be much of an issue here in the future. So, this is kind of an ancient skill set even now. It's still relevant, but just vibe with me on that. All right. So, look, I'm gonna say read these all to the point of deeply understanding, then tag me. It's going to tag me and say, "Hey, now I understand this." I say, "Okay, we're going to build this from scratch, but ask me any clarifying questions before you get going." Now, if you're new to this, what I really suggest doing is sitting down and going with it phase by phase and having it build something out one phase at a time. Because depending on the complication and how complicated what you're building is, you don't want it to go and build everything all at once. this app right here. I'm like, "Look, just go build the entire [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing and I'm gonna go get I'm gonna go make some noodles or something." All right. And so it just goes through this entire checklist that we built for it and builds the entire thing. I come back 30 minutes later and I have the working app. Cool. You don't want to do that for everything. There are some things where you actually want to sit with it phase by phase and really pay attention to the parts that matter. All right. Um, [clears throat] so anyways, what we're gonna then do is I'm gonna say ask me any clarified questions for this because sometimes the things that work over in Claude on the AI chat are not going to be the same over here. And it's it's going to need some questions and answers and it's going to think about some things before it develops it. So you tell it to ask me clarifying questions. It's going to ask you questions in a list right here and then you just answer the questions and say, "Okay, but should this feature be here or should it be here? Should this um should the way it exports files, should it be saved like this or saved like this? This feature makes no sense. Can you clarify how this works? It's going to ask you those things. You clarified it. It's going to get to work. Now, one little tip I'm going to give you before you get started with this is when you're working with it, and this is something I always forgot to do is when you have Claude building out these things, be very specific about where you're going to store it at or where you're going to upload it to. If you're new to this, you're not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] understand that. So, you need to ask it what's the you need to tell it how you want it to be used. So, if you're putting an app online that everybody's going to use or your your team is going to be using it, you're going to be putting in different places. I really like just putting things on Versal and I like storing things on Superbase, but you need to ask it beforehand. All right, let's imagine I'm going to be storing this on the internet in this way. This is exactly how my team's going to be accessing it. What's the best infrastructure for this so that it's simple and works in this way and is easy to maintain? And so it's going to think most of the time, oh okay, um, so this guy is not going to be running it locally on his computer. He's not going to be running it off of Python on the website somewhere or some weird thing. It's not going to be running in this weird winging thing because what it will do when it's building things out is it will just think about the most optimal way to build it. If you don't give it context of where you're going to deploy it at and what it's going to be used for, it's not going to consider that. Okay? So you might get it right, you might not. This is the stuff you have to think about when you're coding with this. And this is how you have to engineer. You have to think about or know this is the most important part. Know what to ask Claude beforehand to bring the right engineering structure and information out of Claude to tell you. You have to be aware of what you don't know. So telling and giving Claude context and then asking it to ask you questions about that context is the best way to find out. For example, if you're starting off, you don't know the best the best uh stack to build this on. You need to say this is how I intend to use this cloud. This is the context for this. What's the best stack? This is this. Okay. When you build the system that we're building right here, the technical buildouts, what you need to do is build it around that stack. Now, there you go. A lot of people don't do that step and so they end up with all these weird ass stacks like Claude gave me an output in Python. I'm not going to be running this locally. What a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. You're the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. Not not the LLM. All right. So, that said, what you're going to do is I'm this is the overall process to get something built. Okay? This this right here in this understanding I just gave you is like 9/10en of the law. If you understand this, you can kind of move on to anything else, but I'm going to give you the next steps after this anyways cuz why not? So what's going to happen is you're going to have this built out and then you're going to in my opinion what what you want to structure it as is say look we're going to run this locally first but then we're going to upload it to GitHub and then we're going to load it up somewhere. So consider it working locally and on the internet okay on a on a different website Versal whatever you guys want to call putting online. And so that's going to make sure that when it goes and builds these things out, it's going to build your environment, your folder where basically all your API keys and everything is set correctly and it's going to make it so that it works locally on your computer, but when you upload it, it's going to work there, too, cuz using things that work on your computer are not going to work the same way they work on the internet. Okay? So anyways, it's going to go and then launch it locally and then you're going to do all your testing there. Okay? And so pow, I chuck something in. Boom. I got a full high report on everything we're getting in there. So now we got the integration checklist and I can build all sorts of features and an API call into this and all sorts of neat gizmos and stuff like that. So now what I want to do is give you some some basic rules of thumb when you're building stuff because you're just going to kind of get the gist of this and if you're if you need any more steps after this, you're just being a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby. All right, you got enough you got enough information. Go get in the water. Go figure it out. All right, you're going to flap around. You're make some mistakes. It's fine. All right, you're going to go build some apps wrong. You're going to do some things. You're not going to learn and get it right the first time. That's fine. All right, it's fine. So, I'm going to give you some basic things right now that you need to be thinking about though when when you're building these apps. So, you're going to run into bugs and Claude's going to build things wrong and it's going to build things wronger and wronger based on how badly you are at figuring out what's wrong with Claude. If you're able to set Claude up to win, it's going to figure out what's wrong with things very quickly. If you don't set it up to win, it's going to make all sorts of weird things for this. So, what you're going to do when you test an app, let's say I go and put this up and it gives me a bunch of weird stuff right here. What I want to do with Claude, if it's an obvious bug, like something just missing, I'm just going to say this is missing. Fix it, please. But if it's more of a a intangible bug, like the the the information is coming back wrong or things are displaying wrong, you need to not just tell it to fix something. You need to think about how it affects other parts of the software. Okay? So, you need to say, call it, all right, this is happening right here. And if it's something that consistently keeps happening, you say, "All right, let's think deeply about why this is happening." Find out why it's happening and then give me multiple fixes and while thinking about other problems that can occur after this fix. Okay? And then what you need to do is when it gives the fixes that are listing out, you need to be thinking about and looking at the app and how it's coming back. So, for example, with that with that integration app I showed you where the the assistant was working, what kept happening is Claude got out of sync with the rule system. So how the how it reads the TXT documents, how it um how the TXT documents are written. So it has a rewriting guide. So we rewrite the documents based on this. And there's a system it uses to read it. And then there's another system that displays it. And these all have to be in sync at all times. And these weren't in sync. So I kept updating one and the other one was working right there. So I said, "All right, let's look at the overall app and let's look at the codebase and see what's out of sync here." And if I hadn't done that, it would just kept going in that endless loop where I was fixing one thing, but it was breaking another thing. And so you have to sit down and ask it to look at the codebase and you have to sit through and think about what's happening in your codebase and where it's going wrong at and where things are out of sync and where the poss solution could be popping up at because claude doesn't know if you say just fix this one thing uh it's going to go fix that one thing but it doesn't know this other thing is relevant to the other thing unless you make it clear and so then what I did after that is I made and updated the claw MD to say these things must always be in sync no codes after that you have to think about where the bug occurred why it's happening and then create rules so it doesn't happen again especially context or not rules context so claud is aware of it for example with the extension as well there was a there was a um a catching issue with Chrome and Chrome kept not updating the catch and so we'd upload something and it would show the wrong thing and it would shoot back claw the wrong code but claude didn't know Chrome was was not catching so we needed to go and test it and so I said what could the issue possibly be it gave me three different issues one of them was a catching issue I went through and tested it myself said okay we got this catching issue, we need to develop something in the software that gets around that catching issue when we upload later on and then when we see stuff coming in or a bug, always check for the catching issue first. We never have the catching issue anymore. This is how bug fixing works in Cloud. The other thing you need to do when you're thinking about running in the bugs is you're going to run the bugs and just sending it you can you can send cloud a screenshot. You can send it an error report. You can describe what went wrong. These are all great, but what's better when you see something going wrong in your software, particularly as an output, you need to have Claude go and for example, I'll show you with my system. So, if you look at my extension right here and you see this pop out and we go and bring this down, you can see I have this log system right here. Okay? And so, the point of this is we when I would run in the errors with the extension and I'd see bad outputs coming back, I don't want just to explain to Claude, I want a deep detailed log. And one of the things Claude is exceptional at is you say, "All right, where are all the things that can go wrong with this app or this this error is popping up right here? How can we create something that's going to give you a very detailed code technical explanation of why it's happening?" And it will think up test it can create for itself and then put these tests in there. So when you see things pop up, you can have documents that you can feed back to it and say, "All right, here's what went wrong. Read this. Why did it go wrong? Look at the codebase. Think about why it's going. Give me poss give me why it's happening. give us possible solutions and in ways to prevent it from happening in the future. Bam. You're not dealing with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guesswork when you're dealing with with this this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. Finally, when you do a code review, it can be as simple as saying, "Claude, do a code review." One thing that is very helpful is you can have Codeex and Claude and another Claude agent has no codecs all review the code and then send all the reports back to the main code Claude agent and then say, "Hey," and this is something I stole from the Lenny podcast YouTube as well. and you can say, "Hey, here's what's wrong in the software. Either explain why this is incorrect or fix it." That's another way to fix it. But then finally, when you have it do the code review, all those MD files and everything you just put into the software is what the code review is going to use to review everything. And the context of it is whether it's wrong or not. If you give a person a huge codebase and you say, "Tell me where the bugs are." Something could fit together architecturally just fine, but it's not the intended output of the software or it misses the point of the software. If it doesn't have this, it's going to put stuff in there that doesn't make any sense. So, you need to have all this context. The final thing I'm going to tell you is whenever you're done coding or whenever you're done working with Claude, what you're going to want to do is you need to have this little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] update everything. And the more complicated your system is, the more technical docs, you can see this doc area right here that I have in VS Code right here, the more advanced your Claude and your architecture and your your documents going to be. So keep these really clean and but you're but every time I build something new the architecture updates. Every time I add something new about how the feature works the PRD updates. Every time we learn something or we need rules or ways that it works with or things for etc. the cloud MD updates. Okay. On top of this when you're building really advanced stuff inside each folder or inside each thing you're building you can still have other rule systems in there that claude looks at before it gets into the folder. So if it's going into this part of the app right here and this is just a onepage app. So it doesn't have lots of folders or whatnot. But let's say we're just getting into something in the API. All right, I could have a note or a Claude MD in the API that says, "Hey, wait before you do this, make sure it aligns with this other part of the software and these are always in sync." Now, the reason why you do this is because you don't want Claude always opening up files, okay, and reading it because it takes up your your context window. That said, you want it when it digs into something relevant to know where to look and specific things to check that are very very important. Okay, so these are just other little general tips that really are going to save your life when you're doing this. Finally, my last tip for you when you're building these things is make sure Claude explicitly builds in ways that parts of the software are segmented from each other because remember that context window. Let's imagine you have chapter one of your book, chapter 2, and chapter 3. Let's imagine you keep these all super duper cleanly and there's little context at the beginning of chapter one and the end of chapter one on the rest of the book. So it's a summary of the book on each side, but the the AI can cleanly work on one chapter at a time and they don't mess with each other too much. If you have a code system, it's all a bunch of interlin things. Think about a plumbing system. Okay, much better analogy. It's a bunch of plumbing all intersected. If something over here changes and it messes up with that, well, Claude has to keep the entire plumbing system all in its mind. If you have a skyscraper where each floor has its own plumbing system and it doesn't need to understand how the plumbing system up here works, then what you're going to be able to do, and I know you're checking out the buys, it's good. Don't worry about it. What you're going to need to do is a lot less work because you can just put Claude on one floor and say, "Here's the context of the overall project, but you only need to understand what's on this floor right here." And it can work much better because it doesn't have to remember everything and blow its context window very fast. So, these are a bunch of things I do when I'm building in my company and how I think about the code and how I look at it. I think a lot of these things right here, you should your developer should know all these things. Okay? If your team isn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing this, your team's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they suck. Sorry, but it's true. And your team should know these things. And if they don't know these things, they should be thinking these ways. You should have deep MD files for your software. You should have deep MD files for your UI. You should have parts of your software sign. All the things I talked about should be there times 10 on your real like deep product. Okay, that being said, as a non-technical founder, this allows you to do so much work on other parts of the software that are not directly connected to your deep back end of the complicated parts. It allows you to make stuff for your customers right away that gets them results very, very quickly. And those are the three ways to look at and these are the ways to build them from scratch. If you have a SAS company, you should be using highrisisk because it's going to make you a lot more money from your ads. So, that's that that's the real point of why I'm making this video. I want you to use my my my ad products. It'll make you a lot more money. But not before I give you good content, which is this video. So, this is the video. I've talked enough. This is everything I do when it comes to vibe coding or agentic coding. Have a nice day. If you guys like these videos, let me know. I can go into the actual how to use Claude MD and and more deeper stuff, but I think this is the only vibe code I'm gonna make because this is everything I think you need to know. Okay. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: It's GROSS, But this SaaS pitch made me $232 Million
VIDEO ID: 8i0ZIHDI024
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i0ZIHDI024
================================================================================

No, you skeptical Sally. The title of this video is not clickbait. The sales pitch I'm going to give you, I've used to sell hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars worth of SAS software. This will also work for you if you're selling services. And I can tell you this with a straight face because I use this to grow my biggest SAS company, Hyros, to closing in on $40 million ARR right now, growing at about 40 to 50% per year. And I'm using this exact sales pitch. If you hop on a call at Hyros right now, you're going to go through this entire thing. In short, it works. So, let's get into it. So, first thing we need to do is break down what this is, why we're using it, and the goal of what we're trying to do here with these pitches, which of course is first sell the product. But we really want to be able to sell our SAS product in a way that generates a lot of upfront revenue to give us cash flow early on in our business. Later on your business, this isn't necessarily as important. You can actually just go for straight up MR. But when we first get started, we want to be able to generate a lot of cash flow by getting people to pay a year, two years up front and sign larger contracts that allow us to get money in the door from our advertising. This will make our paid advertising work a lot better because if you get a phone call and the person signs up at $99 per month, it's kind of hard to make it work if you're paying $200, $300 per phone call. If the person signs up for a year up front and pays $1,000 upfront, suddenly all the numbers in your paid advertising start working. This is what this pitch is designed for to do. So this all in mind, this is the typical get a person on a sales demo for a SAS and then close them methodology that you see pretty much every company doing. But what we do at Hyros is we actually structure this in a almost info marketing like sales pitch that is much more effective than what you see at other companies. A lot of companies you see people hop on and they do a demo and that's why their close rates are terrible. Now, our pitch is not some pushy info late night infomercial thing, but it does use the sales psychology of these to get people to understand the opportunity they have. And the reason why we want to do demos, especially when we first start our softwares out, is because we're able to maximize the money we get from the customers coming in and also maximize their commitment. So, what do I mean by this? If a person hops on a Hyros call and chats with the rep, and by the way, I can run SAS companies, but I I can't spell. But please don't let that ruin my aura of fake professionality in these videos. That said, the reason why we want to also focus on not just maximizing money for obvious reasons, but the commitment is because when a person comes on and they sign up through hires through one of these calls, they already have a road plan of how they're going to be successful, how they're going to set the product, and they're basically committed to coming on now that they've paid a little bit upfront to using the product. When you first launch your SAS company or even later on, you're going to see that people that sign up through demos and sign up for a larger upfront commitment are going to churn far far far less. If a person signs up for one year and the whole setup plan, they already have the committed to the responsibility of setting up the software and you're going to see churn drop from 15 20% with your early softwares to 5 3% to something you can work with. Is this as easy and turnkey as having a big open wide openen SAS where people sign up for free and do a free trial? No. But it's very hard to get that to work early on because your product is so untested and people are not even sure it will work. So this is how you really maximize this and this is why we use these. Now the goal we have with this is to get people to sign up for a year up front. Yes, they can sign up monthtomonth. But the reason why we want to do this is two-prong. One, one year up fronts just have lower churn and lower churn equals more money longterm. The end. Now the other reason we want to do this is cash flow. Again, if you have lots of money rolling in, you can afford to lose a little bit of money up front when you're getting customers. But when we're first starting our software company, if we have a $350 a month subscription, we get someone to pay $3,500. We're going to make so much more money on our front end that allows us to cover the cost of the company much more easily. If we get 30 customers on this each month, we're making 100k a month, which we can then use and put towards engineering and whatnot. Whereas, if we only get 30 people right here, we're at $9,000 a month, which is just not enough to cover cost. If let's say your business costs $30 $40,000 a month in its early stages, it's just not going to work. So, this is why this is just crucially critically important and things I want you to keep in mind as we go through this and why we're doing this because a lot of people watching this, you're going to bootstrap. You're not going to be some Y Combinator company or some company that raises $10 million at the gate. This might be your first software company. All those things are going to require you to bootstrap and need capital coming in to make it work. So you need to understand the first things first which is exactly what we do with Hyros. Our company is 100% bootstrapped and this is the exact process we use to sell our tracking at Hyros to all sorts of businesses. By the way, if you are a SAS company, you should be using Hyros tracking. It will make you 10 to 15% more from your ads guaranteed. And you should turn on Hyros Air as well because it's going to turn all the people that come to your website and don't book demos and don't join your software. It's going to find them, reach out them, and use an AI to close them and bring them back to the phone call or signing up on your site, thus increasing your revenue about three, five, seven%. We actually already used it to add over $100,000 a month in MR at Hires ourselves. So, if you're a SAS company, you you should consider using it. You need to understand the difference between a SAS demo and the typical phone call closes you see infoarketers and this just the high impact Wolf of Wall Street like closes you see that are known and online. So, the difference between a SAS pitch and a info pitch is we're not selling shenanigans. In many cases, we're selling something that is guaranteed to make the customer more money than they pay. Guaranteed. If a person signs up for your product and they're your target customer and they do not make more money than they pay you, you are not going to have a working business. You have to be able to guarantee results if they're a target customer and set it up correctly. The end. If you don't have that, then you don't have a SAS company, period. It's not that you just can't even use this pitch. It's that you don't have a SAS company period, especially in B2B, which it only comes down to the bottom line and the ROI that it's getting. And so, what we're trying to do in this pitch is we're going to be using a lot of the sales psychology that we see infoarketers and really highowered Wolf of Wall Street pitches use, but a much more low-key way that makes the person more so understand the value. And then we're basically going to ask them repeatedly why would they not want to go and get a $100 bill for $20. The entire point of this pitch is getting the person to realize that your product is $100 and then selling it to them for $20. If you can achieve this right here, you're going to convert insanely highly. We convert at almost 40% on the high demos that we do. And a lot of the people that come on aren't even our target customers. So we can't even convert at like 80% if we want to. So I would say of the targeted qualified customers that come on, we probably convert about 80% of them. So knowing this, we have to understand the phases and everything we have to go through in this pitch. Now I know you might be looking for a step-by-step worded script or template, but it's really not like this. You just have to understand the phase of where you are in the communication with the customer and what they're thinking and what you're trying to achieve. And you just don't move to the next step till you've achieved it. Okay? We don't need some long Wolf Roll Street pickup artist scripted step-by-step script. We really just need to understand the phase in the conversation that we're in. And so what we need to do is we first need the customer to identify and assign a money value to the problem they have. And they need to do this themselves. Okay? Then we need to show them our SAS fixing these identified problems they identified themselves. And then we need to then get them to talk about how much it will make them or save them and the money they literally just admitted. Okay. Then what we need to do is we need to then sell access to SAS for much less usually about 20% of the money that makes them. Then finally what we need to do is offer VIP or white glove experience for annual subscriptions. So what is this? For example, at Hyros what we're going to do is I'm not going to try and spell here is when a person signs up at Hyro what we're going to say is like hey you know you might have some trouble setting this up. You might have some trouble using the software. You probably want premium VIP support. How about we give you all that and do that all for you? You just have to sign up for a year upfront and we'll give you a 20% discount. And if for some reason you don't see the results we talked about in this pitch, you don't have to pay for it. We'll just refund you all your money immediately. There's absolutely no risk here whatsoever. If you get set up and there isn't crazy results or even if you come in and you don't set up, we will still give you a full refund. And then what I do is I show them all the results that Hires has gotten. And if you've looked at all the other videos I've gotten on here, you know how much I talk about getting results and then advertising results. If you look at hires, we just have pages of famous people, big marketers, big brands, hundreds and hundreds of smaller brands, people across all sorts of business models, lots of SAS companies, lots of e-commerce companies. Basically, if you go to the website and you click on the SAS page, you're going to see tons of huge SAS companies. If you click on the ecom page, you're going to see tons of huge ecom companies. You're going to see lots of famous brands like Alexozi, Tony Robbins, Playboy, etc. on the site. Why do we get those? So we can show those results and then when we're showing them these promises that we talked about and the promise of results, we show those to verify that. Again, this isn't going to be like some info marketing pitch where 80% of customers cannot get results or can't get results. We need 100% of people that come on to get results if they use the software. Okay, the end. And so we we're not doing this from like some tongue-in-cheek like we promise results guaranteed kind of We're actually literally guaranteeing results. So I want to be very clear on that. If you sign up for hyros in this pitch right here or you use this pitch at all, you have to guarantee the results. Guarantee or you don't you don't get to keep the money if the customer doesn't get the result. That is bar one. Okay. So now let's go through this pitch step by step. And what I want you to do right here is I want you when you are thinking about this pitch, go and make a word dock and set these three points in the word dock. Make one point to start called identify. Make the other point uh solve the problem with your SAS. Make the final point, sell it for less than it makes them. And then finally, the annual VIP offer. So, put your offer and everything you have going right here. This is just a really good thought blueprint to put together your pitch. Because again, we don't need to go word by word. And because your software is so different, the demo is going to go differently in how you show them these results. You just have to understand where we are. So, let's talk about step one, identify. So, I'm going to give you the examples in the Hyros pitch right here, and I want you to then apply it to your business. So when a person comes on at Hyros, we know they have two problems with their ads because this is why we designed the software in the first place. When you design your software, you should already know the problems and where the businesses are losing money. So for example, if you're doing this for um oil drillers, you're doing this for pharmaceutical companies, you're doing this for lawyers and their businesses, you already know where they're losing money at or could be making more money. You you know this problem like the back of your hand. It should be more well known to you than it is to the customer many of the times. This isn't something where we like kind of guess and poke around and find a problem to call. Like you know where the bodies are buried. Okay, that's rule number one. So at Hyro, we know where the bodies are buried. If you're running Facebook ads, Google ads, the more ad spend you spend, the less accurate your tracking becomes because of various different reasons with all the Facebook updates, how the ad tracking platforms don't talk to each other, with how cookies are erased by Apple and different browsers and how people change browsers, they change locations. It's just a disaster. and Facebook ads and Google ads can't track it very well. I'm going to leave it at that and you're just going to have to take my word on it. If you want an explanation of why those things happen, I would I could break a whole entire video about how Facebook ads and every all their tracking is broken and it's not their fault and they're never going to fix it. But we're just going to leave it at this right now. Okay. So, just assume that we know that if a person is spending money on ads about 15% of their potential scale is going to be stopped by this issue and they're going to waste about 15% of their ad spend. So this means if someone's making or if they're making 100K a month on their ads and this example right here, let's just keep the numbers simple, they're also spending 100K a month on their ads, they could easily go and increase their revenue from these ads to 115K a month through additional scale. And they could also go and remove waste on this end right here. About $15,000 a month in waste, resulting in dropping this down to $85,000 spend and increasing the overall output to 115K, making them $30,000 from this. Okay? And so this is what high-risisk delivers for companies all day just by fixing their tracking. It's it's the breakage that we talk about and everything else. So the reason why someone hops on the call originally is because they know this this issue exists. They know they have this problem, but what they've never sat down and done is actually assign a value to the problem. They've probably just been like, "Man, I can't really see my ad results or I don't know if I can trust these." Okay? And so then they hop on the call to kind of explore it. So what I'm going to do when the person comes in the call is just ask them what are their problems with tracking. Do they think it's losing them money or stopping them from scaling anywhere? That's it. And a lot of times the customers will just start telling you about the problems right there because they're on the call and they know what their problems are. This isn't going to be like some info pitch where everybody's skeptical and trying to hold back. like they want your software to solve their problem. Like they are there, they don't want to do calls for other companies. They don't want to shop around. They want your software to perfectly solve their problem. So like they're going to tell you most of the time. All right. So the customer gets on, I'm going to ask them about that and they'll be like, "Yeah, I'm actually I feel like I can't scale very far uh using this and I feel like I'm wasting a ton of money." And I say, "Okay, cool. Like, so let's let's talk about this and look at the ads right here inside your ad account. How much do you think this is stopping you from scaling?" And I would say is 5 to 10% 15% a good ballpark. Person says yes or no. And we kind of go back and forth until they assign a number maybe 8 10%. I say okay cool. Based on what you just said you're probably wasting money or you feel you're wasting money. What's the ballpark that you're probably wasting? If they if you're spending 100k a month in your your account do you think you're wasting 5 10% 15%. We're usually going to agree on some numbers around 15 to 10%. You don't have to solve massive 30 50% problems in the customer's business for them to make money. If the business is making a million dollars a month and you find a way to solve 10% of problems or something related to revenue, they can make an extra hundred,000 a month. Like it's you don't have to solve massive huge sweeping changes in their business. Regardless, that's how we want the opening of the call to go. You want the customer to tell you what their problems are and then you want to start assigning percents or dollar values to those problems. So person tells me they're spending 200,000 a month on ads. I say, "Okay, so based on what you're told me, you you could scale 10% further or you could save 10%. So based on that, we could just honestly make you $40,000 per month more if we solve this problem for you right now. Do you see what I just did there? I assigned the value of solving these problems to 40,000 a month for the customer. So one thing I'm going to add to this right now is if the customer doesn't say they have a problem, it's it's your job not to like put words in their mouth and it's also your job not to let them move forward. They're not going to get to pitch the software or get the demo if they don't have a problem. If if the person comes on the call for high-risisk for example and I say all right so what are you seeing in your ad account there's two situations that'll happen right here and this is the most as much playbyplay I'm going to give you because this is really the only routes you can go and then you just think about how your software can fix these specific issues okay so route number one is the person wants they know they have a problem but they don't know what the problem is so you say okay cool so could I just show you like some things that we routinely see in ad accounts where people lose money and then when in this example right here I just walk them through our ad account and I would show uh tracking and how it doesn't line up accurately. And I'd say, "Okay, so do you think you might have this in your account?" If it's a more open-minded customer that doesn't understand their problem, they're probably going to say, "Yeah, I think I'm probably lowering my scale by not seeing this tracking gap right here. For example, your tracking right here caught 100 scales. This Facebook tracking caught 60 sales." Honestly, that's really messing up with my ads. And then we're going to go over and I'm not going to tell them how much you're losing. I'm going to say, "Well, how much do you think you could scale further if you had this problem solved? and then how much money do you think you could save if you had this problem solved? They're probably usually going to give me around that 15 10% range. And then we're working with the same thing when we've assigned a dollar value to their problem. Okay. Finally, you're going to have the customer that doesn't think they have a problem, knows what the problem is, knows the problem your software solves, and just isn't going to admit they have a problem. And what you need to do is casually and plightfully and respectfully uh put them in a corner of their own So, they know why they're on the call, and they're probably there to be skeptical and poke around and and judge you and ask a thousand little weird questions. It's very important that you do two things. One, respect and love your customer. There's just people that are very analytical, and people are going to call them dicks and customers that behave this way. It's not the case. They're just super analytical, tedious people, and that's just what you're going to have to deal with when you're selling software B2B. So, just accept it. Love them anyways. Okay. Next thing, these people are not there to fight you. So don't take it as a fight, but you really have to make them like either accept they have a problem or there's no point to doing the call. No one's going to buy your software if they don't think there's a problem. There's an ROI there. So in this situation right here, if the person doesn't think they have a problem, uh I'd say, well, what what did you come on the call for? Like what are you hoping to solve? I I don't know. Well, what what would you like me to show you? And just keep going back and forth like asking them what what are they doing here? What do they want to see? And get that out of them. They might see something. Well, I think I might just want to see if we can improve our tracking. like, well, what's your goal to improve the tracking? Why do you want to improve your tracking? Like, where's it causing problems in the business? Where is there is there places where it's stopping you from scaling or wasting money? And you just need to keep going back and forth with the person until they admit that there's some problem related to the problem your software solves. Okay. Now, you can also brainstorm with them and be like, well, okay, a lot of times when we see like here's an example of of a problem we solve, you can see the huge gap in tracking right here. And the person might be very analytical at this point and ask tons of questions like all right well is this CPA dupa opus compliant uh how does this work? How's the tracking in the backend situation? Say for the sake of this call I'm not a tech person and I'm not a legal person. I'm not a so- and so person. We can have someone sit down with you and answer every single one of these questions later on. We can also get to this at the end of the call. I really want us to focus on what the problem is and see if we can actually solve this. Because if I sit here and explain all these problems right here, but then our software can't even fix your problem, we've just wasted 30 minutes of our time and I've wasted 30 minutes of your time. So, is it okay if we just kind of more so focus on the problem right here and we can get into the technicals later on? That's going to solve that issue and allow them to just put all those questions in the back end, which they don't even care about. And then when you get in the back end and you're closing, you can say, "Hey, we'll have someone technical sit down with you. If there's anything technically off to you later on, we'll just refund you all your money immediately." Okay, so this is how we're going to deal with all three of those issues right here. You're going to have the customer that openly thinks they have a problem, a customer that thinks they have a problem but can't describe the problem. You're going to help them describe it. And then you have a person who doesn't think they have a problem. And you have to get them to admit they have a problem. And then once they admit they have a problem, you didn't attach a dollar value to it just like you did before. So they say, "Okay, fine. I think I have a tracking issue." I say, "Okay, great. Let's let's look at some things in your account. How much are you spending every month? This and this." Like, "Well, do you do you ever log in and not see your your your ad stats and your sales lining up with what you see in your back end?" Yes. How much do you think that's stopping you from scale? How much do you think that's stopping you uh or making you waste? I don't know. 3 5%. I'm like three 2 3%. Are you are you sure? Because right here the Facebook tracking based on user results is off by 30 to 40%. Do you think it's only affecting you 2 3%. That's the last thing I would throw in there is we need to also make sure that they believe the problem is big enough. If a person comes onto a high-risisk tracking call or your call and they think this solution that you're providing is only going to give them a 1% bump, they're still not going to pay you for it. Okay? It needs to be something severe enough where they really see the dollar signs. So I like the 10 to 20% range. That's where you can really do very well. So then what we're going to do is we're going to show our SAS fixing the problem. So then what I do for Hyros, but you need to think about how to do this for yourself is the person says, "I have these problems." I say, "Okay, cool. So, we have a problem with scale and we have a problem with waste. Now, on the high-risisk calls, we also talked to them about how uh AI can optimize their audiences and their targeting and this automatically makes them more money from their ads as well. I'm not going to talk about that right here because these two examples are good enough in this situation. We don't need to go through every example of how high scales businesses. That's not why you're here. You need to understand what we're trying to do here. So, two examples right here will work. Okay? So, I say, look, we have a scale and a waste problem. Okay? So, let me show you a high sales a scale problem. I go into our ad tracking and I show how we go and actually show them the accurate data and then they're actually able to scale the ads that are working. I show them ads in their account that they would have not scaled if they didn't have proper tracking. So, for example, it only showed 10 sales and us breaking even right here, but the ad actually doubled our money if we tracked it properly. I say, look, this is issue number one right here. We're not scaling our best ads. Do you see this right here? That right there, do you think that would solve your your tracking issue in terms of scale? Do you think it would allow you to go and make up that 10 15%. Yes. Okay. So, if we applied this to your business, do you think you would make an extra 10% 15% from your ads? Yes. If they say no, I go, well, how much do you think it would actually grow your business? Or with this usual tracking gap right here, why don't you think it would allow you to scale the ads? Ping-pong back and forth until they finally admit it's going to grow and make them more money. Okay? You don't ever want to tell them. You have to have them say, "This is something I believe will add this amount to our business." Now, I know if you're watching this video right here, you might be thinking that like 50% of people are going to resist you. Most people that are on these calls, if you're straightforward and not being salesy and and creepy are just going to already know they have these issues, okay? And they're already shopping around. People don't hop on SAS demos to like figure out how to change their life or unlock some new key motivational aspect of themselves. They know they have the the problem, okay? So, all we're doing is attaching the problem they know they have to money. So, how much would you make more if you scaled? Usually, it's about 10%. Let's imagine the business is doing 200k a month. That's 20k a month right here. I do the same exact thing, but I show them next for waste where they have ads and it's over reporting or giving wrong numbers that they're scaling up and not making nearly as much money as the ad reporting is is reporting. This is a chronic issue in meta ads because it takes credit for way more sales than it should be. Okay. And I say, well, okay, if you fix this right here, you could actually turn off this ad, this ad, and this ad right here. That's about 15% of the ad spend your account. How much do you think this would actually save you? Okay. Okay, that usually we're going to go through the same exact pattern before. They're going to attach 10 to 15% from it. Okay, now again, I don't want you to get too attached to this 10 15% I'm talking about right here. It can be lower. So, for example, on the air calls at high, the amount that air usually grows a Shopify business or a SAS business, about 3 to 5%. But on air, all the person has to do is touch a button and they get 3 to 5% more calls or 3 to 5% more sales from the AI. So, it's a little bit easier of a pitch. We can say you're making 100K a month, this will make you an extra 5,000 a month. You press a button, it's $150 per month. That's the pitch that we have going on right there. So you have to understand there has to be effort attached to uh this number right here. So for example, air that's something you slap onto a business and it just increases their flat revenue. At Hyros, it's something they slap onto their business and it optimizes their business so their existing business makes more revenue. So it's not a new revenue stream, it's an improving existing revenue stream. If it's an existing revenue stream, it usually needs to be in the 5 10 15% range before they start paying attention. If it's in the free money new revenue stream like air, it needs to be in the 35% range. Okay, just keep that in mind. Now, also, if you're dealing with businesses that make a million dollars a month or enterprise business making, I don't know, even $10 million a month, the numbers can sway even more. If you only increase their business 3%. It's massive amounts of money. So, keep that in mind. You could just say, "All right, we don't make small businesses that much more by increasing their business by 3 to 5%, but we can take this product and apply it to an enterprise business and make them an extra $5 million per year. then we'll just build them 500,000 a year. See how that all works right there? So, at this point, what the customer has done has assigned a money value to their problem and then attached our software to solving the problem and basically saying, "Hey, our software will solve the problem and make them that much money in their business." And so, this is where it all comes together. So, if we have that 200k a month business, we walk them through, all right, you said it would save you x amount, you said it would allow you to scale x amount, the total amount we talked about is $40,000. would you? And there's a whole downell and pitch McGee thing you can do right here where we unveil the price and stuff. We don't really do that anymore. We just say, "Hey, look, this is going to make you 40,000 a month. It's based on your revenue right here. This is going to cost you about $600 a month." All right? Or $700,000. It just depends on their business model right here. So, you can see we're we're charging way way way less. I'm pretty sure we could increase this even more to like 5,000 a month depending on the business model and what we're offering. But regardless, I believe the business is doing about 200k a month at Hyros. And then based on these numbers right here, we're probably going to build them, I think, anywhere from $800 to $1,000 a month, somewhere around that. Anyways, you're seeing we're charging so much less than the actual money that it's making them. And then we just basically say, "Hey, do you want to sign up and do this?" They're going to say, "Yes, yes, please solve this problem. Put another $39,000 in profit from buying your product in my pocket." That's it. But now, what we need to do right here is first off, if the person's like, "Nope." in this situation, we have a big problem because you obviously haven't gotten the belief that your product will actually solve this problem or they still don't believe they have the problem, which means you've done step one and number two wrong. They if they're getting to this point right here and they're saying, "Nope, you haven't done part one and part number two wrong." So, it's important you go look back at your pitch, look at your calls, and say, "Why is the person not believing this right here?" And keep adjusting and keep adjusting until that lines up and you start seeing this problem go away. Now, at this point, once they say yes, there's all sorts of things that can happen like, "Okay, now I need to get to the decision maker. I need to show the right person. I need to do this, this, and that." I'm not going to talk about that so much in this video because that's just a case-by case basis. If they're having to go and get a decision maker, try to get the decision maker on an initial demo or just keep following up with them. This isn't like infoarketing where we have to high pressure them to buy. You're not going to get results like that in SAS and B2B because this isn't some person, you know, trying to figure out how to get their make money on the how to make money on the internet and you're like pressing them. That's this one time offer to get in and uh learn how to make money from you on the internet or something like you've seen the typical info marketer pitches. We can't hard pressure these people because the person you're pressuring usually is an employee at the business. So, they're not like going to lose their pants and be feeling massive scarcity and FOMO. their thing they want to do is be able to add something in their business that shows that they're making more money for the business for their employer. If it's the founder or the owner of the company, they're going to have the same exact exec. You're not going to punish them or scare them in the fomoing into your product. Okay? That's not how it works. There's also five competitors on the market probably if you have a big company that do a similar thing. You have to just truly convince them you have the better solution and they know this problem is out there now and you have to be willing to work with them and getting them to close on that. we can offer them maybe a little special discount if we can wrap it up this week or something like that. But just understand all the marketing and sales tactics and stuff that you know that works really well in high pressure sales where we're trying to sell something someone that they might that is more emotional of a sale. This is a purely logical sale and you've made the logical situation clear right here. Now what we need to do is present them with another logical situation that involves them giving us more money uh and but benefits them. So all we want to do at this point is they say yes. You say okay cool. How about also we assign a custom white glove team to you? Like you get your own one-to-one support reps. We will do or help you with the setup in any way you please and you will get this additional product and this additional product for free. In return for us investing so much in you and assigning the full team to you, all we need you to do is just you sign up annually up front. We'll give you a 20% discount as well. And what this is going to allow you to do is guarantee your setup works. It's going to save you money. You're going to have the best top support. We'll even walk you through and train you how to use the software so you make this money probably more based on our results. Again, look at all the results. You pay annually upfront and if for some reason this doesn't work out at any point in the next year or whatever, we'll just refund you all your money. Here's verification also that we have a crazy consistency with our refund guarantee. This isn't like some promised refund where we promise it and then don't refund you. You want your money back at any time. We don't keep it. The end. And so you offer that final assisted white glove extra value pitch discount as well to get them to sign up annually and get you more cash flow coming in. And then finally, if they don't want that, you can do two things. If you're new, you might just want to resist selling monthtomonth at all because you need that cash flow coming in. And you can only deal with customers that don't churn. You want every customer to stay, have the best possible experience possible, to not churn, and to be highly committed to using your software because it's all about getting that cash flow in and getting customers results and not losing customers on their own. So, you don't want to have mass customers coming in. You want instead of having 100 customers coming in, having 10 customers a month coming in that always stick and use the software and get results so you can get testimonials and snowball the business. Okay? You don't want 100 people coming in, only 10 getting results, and another 90 turnurning. It's not going to work well. the business won't grow. So, you might want to just say, "No, we only offer it annually up front because we like to guarantee those results." Okay? Sometimes customers fail to use the software properly or whatever, and we want to make sure you get those results. Again, we have that refund guarantee. There's no risk to you. If you have a bigger business and your goal is just a stack MR, you can just kind of downell to the the to the MR. At Hyros, we are going to most of the time make the customer do the annual upfront because it allows them to get much better results at Hyros and we want the person to be highly committed to using the software so we can actually get them results and the account grows when we make more money. That's been a huge secret at Hyros. But this pitch right here is an overview of everything I've done to grow the business from start to finish. Like I said before, it's exceptional at getting cash flowing. This is how you need to be selling SAS in a value logical based way, not an emotionalbased way. We're not selling someone their new dream car or a way to start their dream business or a way to lose weight and get fit and look good at the club and pick up women. We are selling them cold hard numbers. So we have to attach the value of our business to a problem they have which also has a number assigned to it. And the amount we sell them the business or sell them the software for has to be much much less than the cost that problem is costing them. So if their problem cost them $40,000 a month and we build them $1,000 2,000 $5,000 a month, it's a no-brainer for them. It's just trading money for more money. That's how you want to sell B2B software and that's why I love selling B2B software. The final thing I talked about before is we want to try and go for those annual subscriptions because then we can get cash flow coming in lower churn. So many more benefits to it. The only cost downside of annual subscriptions is the signup conversions are of course much less. But when the signups stay forever, the money works itself out. So this is our pitch. This is everything you should be doing. If you like videos like this, like, subscribe, and also right here, if you want to see how to design a product that will actually work for these pitches, here's how to design a product, product market fit. And then also right here is everything here. Here is everything you need to do to start a SAS business from zero all the way getting it to a million dollars per month. I know it sounds absolutely crazy, ridiculous, but there's actually a blueprint you can use to build things like this. Below this video is also a bunch of other training on how to build SAS companies. just a bunch of general things you can do that work really well for SAS companies as well as all over this channel. So, you should subscribe if you're building a SAS company because I've I've done it before and I kind of know what works. So, I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: 15 Years of Brutal SaaS Business Advice In 52 Minutes
VIDEO ID: un-lNiPjTQY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un-lNiPjTQY
================================================================================

Hi, as the title of this video suggests, I'm going to be giving you 15 years of SAS and software building advice directly from me. I've been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for a long time. And while I've made hundreds of millions of dollars building SAS companies, I've also [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a lot, like a lot. And I've been through the entire journey of this. I started off building little winging software apps that you would sell in little cesspool forums like the Warrior Forum. I know a lot of you internet marketers remember that. I've gone all the way to building tons of little mini apps to kind of middle ground apps that I had a few exits in all the way to building a pretty large data attribution and outbound SDR AI training company. I realize that's a mouthful. You don't have to understand what my main company Hyros does. That said, it's closing in around $40 million ARR. We're growing at about 40 to 50% a year right now. And while that's not the most successful SAS company on planet Earth, in fact, people are making so much money in SAS and AI that I'm actually kind of on the poor end of SAS success. Palmer luckily managed to grace my Facebook wall to remind me that I'm poor the other day. And jokes aside, while my company is not worth $32 billion like Palmer's is, I've managed to have some pretty good success. I feel that if you're watching this video, you want to get to. If you're looking to build a SAS company and take it from zero, bootstrapped without raising money to making you tens of millions of dollars per year, I can tell you all about that. And what I'm going to do in this video is tell you all the things I wish if I could go back in time and tell my 22-year-old self I believe would have actually made me a billionaire by now because I have just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and made so many stupid mistakes. So, I'm going to tell you everything that I wish that I knew through my entire journey at multiple levels of building SAS companies, software companies, startups. For the rest of this video, I'm just going to call it SAS. covers everything. AI as an agent companies, SAS companies, mixed AI SAS companies, software. I'm not going to define that term every time I get to it in this video. And this is going to just be a range of tips from various levels. Whether you're just starting off and beginning all the way to making your first 100K a year, even past the million dollar a month level. I'm going to give you tips across the whole range. It's just going to be a massive brain dump of what I know into what you know to hopefully save you the need to spend a decade learning this stuff. Let's begin. And this is also going to be rapid fire. I want you to leave here with just a bucket of knowledge, a bucket of tips that you can apply right now that will show up in your bottom line. So the first tip I want to give you is build different types of SAS and different sizes of SAS for different goals. What does this mean? When people think of SAS, they think you're going to go out there and you're going to build the next Zapia or the next Slack and that's it. You're either going and building a billion-dollar company or you're just not. And the truth is this is not this is silly and this stops a lot of people from getting into SAS because they think it's huge and intimidating. You have to hire a bunch of developers and team, all sorts of stuff. Now, as we get through this video, you're going to see it's nothing further than truth. But the first thing I want to tell you is that a lot of people assume you're going to have to raise a lot of money and lose a lot of money building a SAS company. Not necessarily. You need to understand there's different types of SAS out there. There are big giant big giant raising money, go to the moon SAS companies like Slack. There's also multiple $10 million boot cap boo multiple million dollar per month companies like Hyros my company that are bootstrapped. Okay. And then you also have to understand there's very tiny software companies that make 50 to 30k a month. And as you get through this spectrum right here, the cash flow or profit goes up. So for example, Slack its first like five years never made any money. Hyros its first couple years didn't make any money. We're very very profitable right now. And a lot of software companies I built when I was a lot younger that made 30, 50, some 100k a month were almost 80% profit margins day one. And so when you're building SAS companies, you need to first start off and ask yourself what are your actual goals when building your SAS. If you are like most people, you're probably looking for just financial freedom, which is going to be making an extra 30, 50, 100,000 a month, a million dollars per year. At that point, it's not extra money. That's your main funding money. that's your lifestyle money. That's completely fine and it's totally possible to build apps like that where you don't go and hire big software developer teams. You either use a firm or you use AI coding and your own coding skills to go and buy build tiny apps to just make you money and cash flow. Now, as you get higher up through this, it becomes much harder to do that because as soon as you get into the 200k, 500k, million dollar per month range, that's when competitors start coming in who are very cool not making any money upfront or not making money ever, which I'll get into here in a second. And it's not about you're going to see the best way to make money in SAS isn't actually making money. It's actually building the thing to be big. Just understand when you get into this, think about what you want. Do you want cash flow? You're probably better off building multiple $30 to $50,000 a month SAS apps that cost very, very little or can be built for like $10 to $20,000. If you're trying to just get to maybe a million dollar per month, you're probably better off just bootstrapping the company kind of similar like I did at Hyros. are bootstrap companies, which bootstrap means you didn't raise any money from investors to build a company. That said, that's not the fastest way to build a really big company. If you're looking to make billions of dollars, you're probably going to want to raise money and try to build something like Slack. Most people are going to want to go right here. So, just get this out of your head that you need to recognize what your actual goal is for your financials and your career and where you need to target. I want to be a billionaire and build something like Slack, okay? And I think I can turn Hyros into something these sizes right here. There's plenty of big companies like Surge or Valve or whatever that are smaller companies that didn't raise any money that have just gone to the super multi-billion dollar valuations. For example, Only Fans, Zapier, Craigslist, examples like that. So, just understand this as we get into it. Now, I mentioned before number two, this is the next tip right here that the best way to make money in SAS isn't actually trying to make money in cash flow. So, what do I mean cash flow? Let's say your software costs you $20,000 to develop and then $10,000 a month to maintain to have the developers keep working on it and you make $50,000 a month. So you're taking $40,000 a month profit home after advertising whatever. That's great. But the best way to actually make money in SAS is like I talked about with Slack. See the way the big dogs make money is they don't make money ever. What they do is they build something big. So for example, if you look at something like I don't know 11 Labs, relatively new AI company. Cursor, one of the fastest growing AI companies, SAS companies, software companies in the world right now. They've shot from zero to hundred million dollars, lightning fast. They've not made a dollar. They've raised tons of money. Their cost to run is way more than what they make. Why on earth do they do this? It's because it builds the equity valuations to crazy numbers. I believe cursor, I'm just going to throw out a number, is worth like 10 billion right now. Okay. So, if you're the founder of the company, 20%, let's say you have 20% of the company. I, for example, try to bootstrap my company. So, I have the super super vast majority of equity in my companies. I like to own most of the company because that means there's more upside for me and I'm also the person that funds my companies. So, I'm able to pull that off. But let's imagine you're a founder and you have to raise money. Okay, you build a company at $10 billion. You've never made any money. You've raised a ton of money. You're losing more money than you make, but the company is worth 10 billion. Therefore, your 20% is worth $2 billion and you never made any money. And the reason why this is the best way to make money is because going and building something big with other people's money is one of the fastest ways to build something big and make the billions of dollars doing this. So you have to understand that most founders are not trying to make money. They're trying to grow their equity value. Then when you have $2 billion in stock, you can borrow money against this for the rest of your life. Say I want a $100 million house. No problem. I I borrowed $100 million to buy my giant mansion filled with exotic tigers. This is how most people make money. Facebook didn't make money forever. Forever. Did it look like Zuckerberg was hurting for bucks? No. This is how most people, the smartest people make money and how you want to make money as you get more advanced in SAS. Because if you have a business that is making 100K a month and you extract 80K a month from it, that 80k a month isn't going towards growth. Whereas, if you go and keep that 80k a month in the business, you can then use it to grow the business. And the business is going to grow to, let's say, 300,000 a month. Let's say at 100,000 a month, your equity is worth $1 million just at a normal SAS multiple 10x. Now your equity is worth $3 million. And so if you do this in a year, you actually made $2 million a year instead of just a million dollars a year. And also if you get your growth and everything going, it could also be much higher. You get into the 20x max voltage and whatever. Another thing I want to point out is one of the benefits of SAS, it's the multiples and the consistency of the income that comes in. One of the reasons why SAS is in my opinion the best business model is because it's one of the best business models for reoccurring income. So when you're building a SAS company, you're billing people every single month. You know this, look at your Netflix account. That's an example of SAS type of billing. And so your goal in SAS purely is to get a customer and keep a customer. And this makes the business in my opinion really really simple because in e-commerce you have to do all sorts of crazy marketing because everybody else is selling what you're selling. And in info marketing, you have to do all sorts of stuff because people don't stay when they buy your products. But when you have a SAS company, it's almost like you're selling a phone bill. And when you're selling a phone bill to somebody, they keep it on forever. So if you can get one customer and you can keep them for years, this is going to lead to low churn, which churn is essentially the rate of what people leave at. So if you have a 5% churn, that means every single month 5% of your customers leave. That's really bad because the end of the year 50% of your customers have left. However, if you get your churn to zero or 1% or even negative percent, which is let's say a person signs up for $100 per month and on average they upgrade to $300 per month and they don't leave, that's going to give you negative churn. So, one customer actually grows the account. Regardless, if you do this right here, your multiples go through the roof. You can easily get a 20x multiple on your SAS. So, if you're making 100K a month from your SAS, it can be valued at $2 million quite easily if you have low churn or even crazier numbers. I've had friends that have been built SAS that got to like a million dollars a year and they're valued at a billion dollars or something like that. It's crazy. On top of that, this makes the business model very simple because all you have to do is focus on the customer making them happy and keeping them. There's a lot of SAS companies like school, for example, that have ran zero marketing and are valued. I think school's at like $800 million valuation right now. And the reason they were able to do is because they bring customers on and they have negative churn. That's it. All they focused on was just keeping their customers. And you can count on that money coming in every single month. So again, your priority as a SAS owner just becomes taking care of the customer. I love that because that's very simple. All you have to do is think about the customer and make them happy instead of all the other crazy stuff. For example, if you look at like Logan Paul's Prime Energy drink, okay, we can talk about how the quality of the product or whatever the hype, all the angry stuff you want to say about Logan Paul. But regardless, they're selling flavored water and everybody on planet Earth is selling flavored water. They have to do like crazy stuff to get people to prefer their flavored water. And there's no way to really like take care of the customer that much more than Gatorade does. It's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flavored water. That's hard. That you have to really do some crazy stuff to get people to prefer your flavored water. Whereas, for example, at Slack, all you have to do is just build the best communication app. I like that more. Next, do you need to raise money? This is kind of a goofy question when you really break it down because what people think is you need to raise money just as like a thing you have to do. And you don't. But there's not always reasons why you shouldn't either. A lot of people either look at raising money as good or bad and that's not how you should look at it. The way you should look at raising money is what are your goals? Okay. So, if you're looking for cash flow purely, no, you shouldn't raise money because you want as much equity in you as in your company as possible so you can extract the cash and pay for Ferraris, Lamborghinis, and exotic tigers. This makes it also harder to grow the company, but but if you're making these little 30k a month micro SASS, which I've talked about in other videos, by the way, on this channel, there's full blueprints on starting SAS companies. There's blueprints on getting the product market fit. I'll link to them at the end of this video. There's also links below this video of them titled labeled. You can check those all out. But anyways, if you're going and going for cash flow, no, you don't want to raise money. Now, Hyru, for example, my company was bootstrapped. And the reason I did that is because I could fund my own company. So, technically, we did raise money. We just raised money from myself. This is why having a business experience or having a supplemental business or tying this to an existing business. For example, if you look at Block Works, they started off as like a news site for crypto. They actually started off with way other stuff than that, but what they do now is they have a crypto news site where they get information for hedge funds, institutions, whatever. And then they added a SAS on top of that. And so basically, the company that originally started the company funded the SAS. Now, they've also raised money. But I'm giving an example of having an existing company like an agency or an info business and then using that to fund the company. This is what I I had info businesses in these mini sasses and I use this to start hyros. It's really good if they work together. So for example, if you have an info company like Alex Heroszi does where he's sharing information and whatnot gets all the attention and then he goes and pushes something like school which he is a 20% owner of that works really well as well. Now school raised money but Alex could have easily bootstrapped school if he had joined early on in that that function and they would have had way more equity in their company. Now, one of the cons of raising money is the second you do, you're also answering the people. You kind of have a boss. I didn't want to have a boss at Hyro. So, that's what I did. If you look at Craigslist or Zapier or Search for example, it's a company of only a 100 employees. They recently did a billion dollars in revenue. They were bootstrapped. They didn't raise any money. It's totally possible to do this. It's just slower. Okay? And so, a lot of people think raising money is bad. It's not. If you raise from good people that really understand your company and what you're trying to do, that are going to be good adviserss to your company, understand you're the boss, it's just fine. The thing is, you're going to have lower equity and you're going to have to answer to people. But if you have a really big idea and you're going for something, then raising money is good. I don't think raising money as your first company is great because then you're playing with other people's money and you have to answer other people's money and if you mess up, it's like you have to deal with them. I rather mess up and just deal with the consequences myself. So raising money is faster and sometimes being fast is more important. If you're trying to build a billion-dollar company, you need to strike when the opportunity is hot and you need to build as fast as possible. Therefore, raising money is is important. If you're trying to keep a lot of your own control of the company and make cash flow and profit and not be focused on growth and more on the customer, sometimes being private is better. It just depends. If you're starting off in SAS, raising money is probably a bad idea. If you're on your second or third SAS and you have a really big idea, you want to scale the moon or your SAS starts working really, really well and you have lots of product market fitting, competitors are starting to pop up, then raising money to build fast and outpace your competitors is also a smart idea. It just depends on the situation. And like I said before when I talked about building for equity, this is why companies go and build and lose money as they're building. You're probably thinking you have to lose a lot of money by default in SAS. No, that just has to deal with the best way to actually make money in SAS because the best way to make money in SAS is to build a big company, not actually make income and cash flow from your company. You can actually do both. For example, only fans is massively profitable. If you look at pumpf fun, massively stupidly profitable. If you look at crypto apps like unis swap or whatever, massively profitable. You can do both. It's just kind of rare and it's a little bit more difficult and you really have to get into a niche and run hard early on. So just understand those different situations and that's why people are raising money and that's why they grow if they do. So when you start a SAS company just general advice the best way to start is to build onetoone and do things that don't scale. You're going to see do things that do not scale all over the place. You saw like for example Airbnb when they started they were like manually signing up and like going doing all sorts of winging stuff to get people to sign up and like use the Airbnb system. They it started off as like a weird thing for events in San Francisco that would help people actually find rooms. So, it started off completely manually. A really good other example of this is Stripe. When they first started off, the Coulson brothers would actually just go and install Stripe and like go to events and like our payment processor is better than PayPal. Let us set up for you. People said, "No, I don't want to set up." They said, "That's fine. I'll do it for you." The point of this right here is when you build onetoone, it's a lot easier to sell. So I can go to like a dentist and say hey like I'll make an AI app just for your business or you will go and actually accept your software at first for customers for example when we started Hyros how we got our first 50 customers is I explained to them why tracking would improve their ads by 10 15%. And they of course believed meish but they didn't want to do it themselves and they weren't going to spend money on it. So I said look we'll set you up for free we'll plug you in your ads will grow this amount and then after that we'll talk about you paying us. So, we just did that manually for customers in the info business and we really designed our software for tracking their unique situations because the software was unique to them and we set up for them and we did almost manually like a service at first. We were like an agency plus a software. This allowed us to charge a lot upfront because we're also offering the VIP white club service. So, the cool thing about building onetoone one, you're able to sell much more efficiently. You're able to directly sell to customers literally through DMs. You find your target customer and you offer to build it for them and customize it for them. Much powerful pitch than just like sending people to a website where they don't see people. This allows you to build your company much better and more efficiently early on. This also allows you to charge more upfront. If I said I have a tracking app for you, I want you to sign up for it. You're not going to pay me anything more than monthtomonth in the best case. You'll probably want a free trial. If I say I'm going to assign a team of tracking analysts to actually set up and build your tracking for you, you will easily pay me a year upfront if I have a good refund guarantee. Like for example, at Hyros, if you don't see your ads grow and scale 10 to 15%, you don't have to pay for it. We've been around for almost half a decade now. And the reason why we have thousands and thousands of customers, pretty much every big famous brand, huge companies, huge SAS companies, massive e-commerce stores using Hyros is because if you sign up for it and you put the tracking and attribution on there, the ads make 10 to 15% more guaranteed every single time. Or you don't pay for it. But obviously since our company's grown a lot, the ads do actually scale and make companies money. So, I'm not going to talk my books too much more. As you can see, that was a subtle sales pitch. But the same thing applies right there. That's how we got people in the door because we could guarantee those results because we built onetoone for them and set up the software for them and then customized the software for them. This guarantees success for the customer. It gives you a much more powerful selling opportunity. You can charge a lot more upfront to get cash flow coming in. This is incredible with ads. bonus tip right here. Because then instead of getting a customer for, let's say, $300 per month, which is kind of hard to get a sign up, it's very hard to get a a person to sign up for something for $300 per month profitably from ads. We can charge $3,500 upfront, and the ad is now profitable. Let's say it cost us $900 to get that customer. Well, it's very unprofitable right here. This is hard if you're just starting up the company, but if we're doing this, printing money because they're paying a year up front. Now, the flip side of that is your software has to work. So remember that. Now to piggyback on this last thing, another tip right here is you have to find a problem big enough that people will pay for it and that people will stay forever once they start paying for it. This is a really big thing called product market fit and I made an entire video on it that is linked below this video right here. I'm just saying right now, you need to get to the point where if you have or your initial goal is get 50 customers, get them onto your software, get them whatever you're building, and if you can turn your software off and they don't freak out and start threating you with knives, then your software, I'm being hyperbolic, of course, but then your software is not good enough. You need to get to the point, for example, if I turn off Hyros or if someone turns off your Slack account, someone turns off Stripe, someone turns off your chat GPT connection. I'm not saying you have to build companies on that scale, but think of all the software. Is it your business or you rely on every single day that you'd freak out if they turn off? Someone turn off my Uber account. I don't drive that car back there. Okay. So, I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I will be texting Uber and and saying I'm going to leave a burning bag of gorilla dog poop on their on their doorstep, but they don't activate that thing. You want to get to that point right there. Okay? And so, focus on a problem where you have that situation and achieve product market fit before you ever do marketing. There's an entire video below this on that. You should really watch it after this video because it's the most important thing because that's a whole video in itself. I can't make it a micro tip. The next one, San [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Francisco, San Francisco. So, this is going to be a multi-level tip right here that also comes with hiring and how to find your first employees. So, when people get into tech and software, maybe you're not doing this, but a lot of people do. They think they need to move to San Francisco and hire from Silicon Valley. This is just like the raising money example. There are instances where you do want to do this. So first off, the benefits of San Francisco is all the people trying to build all the cool stuff, especially in AI and the cutting edge, they are in San Francisco. The end. All the best developers, the people that are really super duper duper serious, most of them are in San Francisco are there. All the networking, all the CEOs, all that is in San Francisco. But what is also in San Francisco is what I I like to call Silicon Valley performance arts, which is also just code for Silicon Valley bureaucracy and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There is a lot of bureaucracy and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the VC and Silicon Valley world. There is a lot of nonsense there. There is a lot of excessive cost. There's a lot of wasteful money. And when you get to the point where VCs are giving tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars, you run into all sorts of weird stuff. And so, if you ever seen that show Silicon Valley on HBO, it's kind of also just like that. There's also a lot of politics in Silicon Valley. And it's super duper expensive to live there. And everybody that lives there wants outrageous amounts of money for performing even low-level jobs, making it actually very hard to build a startup there. Are the best developers and best people in the world there? Yes, a lot of them are. Okay. But the vast majority of people in San Francisco are very mid-level are average employees, but they live in San Francisco. And because everybody there hires in San Francisco, the wages for it are just insane. I've hired Silicon Valley people before and the the the lack of work they actually get done is shocking. The amount of time they sit in they spend so much time sitting in calls and doing business performance art which is where like they're basically just talking and using buzzwords like aligned and in sync and road map and and all sorts of like these buzzwords and and using all the things they seen in the latest Airbnb founder video. None of them actually do any work and they're doing such little work and hiring so many people that the cost exploded. So, one of the reasons why a lot of companies have to spend so much money is because they are in San Francisco and they hire one person who does no work and hires 15 other people to do a little bit of work and then suddenly you're paying someone $400,000 a year to change the colors of buttons on your website. This is what happens in San Francisco all the time. And so, you just have to understand that if you were a founder, I really think moving to San Francisco could be good for you because you're working with some of the you're around the smartest people on earth when it comes to building this stuff. But when it comes to hiring, I'm just going to give you two simple things. Look, if you're trying to build the next Serge or Chat GBT or Claude or something really crazy like that requires like the top PhD levels minds, you already probably don't need this video. You're probably already raising hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah, maybe San Francisco is where you want to be at. Or if you needed tons of people in office and you need the best techy people in the world, it you need to be out hiring fast, maybe San Francisco is where you want to be in your office. But in my opinion, if you're bootstrapping company or want to start an efficient company, for example, if you look at a company like Remote, they were able to bootstrap and they're a $3 billion company. Why? Because they're not in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] San Francisco. If you look at another billion-dollar company like Clickfunnels, I believe they bootstrapped it. Why? How could they do it? How could Russell Brunson do this? Because they weren't in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] San Francisco. They weren't in California. If you look at Zapio, they were able to bootstrap without raising tons of money. And how were they able to do this? Because they're not in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] San Francisco. There's a long list of why you shouldn't be in Silicon Valley. Now the other thing to tag team into this is what are the benefits of not being in Silicon Valley and building a remote company. Okay, so you have to understand that a lot of the smartest people on earth are also not in San Francisco and they don't want to move to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] San Francisco. I personally do not want to live in California and I don't want to live I if I had been building a SAS company in San Francisco during the super woke years of 2020, I'd probably be homeless right now because I would not be able to exist in that type of culture. I just would not. I'd make one tampons in the bathroom joke and people would throw me off a roof. Okay, so um wouldn't work very well there. The benefit of though of building remote is there are so many good people in Europe. There are so many good people in India. There are so many good people in South America. There are so many good people in Eastern Europe. And there's a lot of good people in Japan and some Asian countries. But a lot of them are going to end up working not so much Japan, but if you get into like Asia around China, they're going to work in Asian uh Chinese tech companies. That's just how they work. So a lot of these companies right here, there's also really good people in the middle and every other place in America other than New York City and San [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cisco. And the thing is, for example, if you have a developer living in Portugal or you have a developer living in Mexico, they don't need $500,000 a month to afford a one-bedroom studio apartment in San from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cisco. Okay? Them getting a house for their family isn't going to cost $10 million per year. So, you're not going to have to pay a junior developer $300,000 a year to change the budding codes on your website. That's the benefit. You can also pay people huge incomes compared to where they're living at. And they're not like third world crappy employees. These are really, really good developers. For example, in Hyros, a lot of our developers, most of our developers are in Argentina. They are amazing developers. We do all sorts of crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at Hyros. We have the best tracking in the industry. And all of our competitors are doing the Silicon Valley huge techy thing. And I guarantee that's why their costs are so damn high and we can move so much faster. If you look at a company like remote, this is a really good example. They built it in the Netherlands, but all their employees are all over Europe and all over the world. They were able to build super efficiently, super fast with a small team and they didn't have to raise any money. So understand, same thing with Zapier, same thing kind of with ClickFunnels, same thing with a lot of companies. I think building like this is such a huge advantage and if you make your your goal to find the best talent outside of New York City and San [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cisco, you are going to really be able to build so much more efficiently and without losing your mind. And frankly, if you're starting a new startup, paying someone $300 fucking$1,000 a year to change the colors of buttons isn't going to be feasible. If you have a billion dollars in funding like all these people in San Francisco, one of the reasons why this happens because a company starts up, they get some good money, someone's like, "You're worth a billion dollars. Here's a hund00 million." and they don't have to be disciplined with their money. And so you have all these people that move there and getting paid 10 times more than their value. It's just it's very hard to start a company in San Francisco because of that. So like don't okay I you will see endless examples of what I just talked about right here. Try building remote. I love building remote company. I think your employees are happier if they can wake up and just go to their desk and work from their desk. I think a lot of people are happier not living in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] San Francisco. So as you can tell I have a little bit of bias. I don't really like San Francisco. I don't like California. That being said, it's a it's a same thing with the raising money situation. There's benefits to being in San Francisco. There's benefits to not be. I think the best situation would actually be if you're a founder living in San Francisco, building a remote company. So, you have all the edge of the networking, talking to the people that are building all the cool stuff, but you're able to pay oneif of what they're doing, and your employees are actually living a better quality of life, and they're more engaged, and they're happier than your San Francisco employees. Last thing about San Francisco, every single person that's there is a mercenary. You get one person to come and do your sales. The second there's another company with a higher offer, they're just going to bounce. Everybody there is there to max extract money. If you build a remote company, you can have employees, for example, that hires a lot of our employees have been with me for almost a decade now. If you find ways to help people with their own setups and and live their own life and have a life that's not based around moving to a place where your company is at, they're going to stay with you, especially if you talk take care of them and create a fun environment for them to work in. That's good. Okay? So keep all this in mind as you're building your company. So the next question you're probably on your mind just based on while we're talking about hiring is how do you hire developers? There's a few ways to do it. First off, you're just starting off. You should just learn code. You should just learn the code. If you're young, 18, 20, learn the code. Get really, really good at it. And then learn how to vibe code so you can code with AI and be like five, 10 developers all in one. You might be thinking, well, that seems hard. I don't want to do it. Well, get, you know, that's it's way harder to go and start a YouTube business and get views on YouTube and be selling like anything you do is going to be hard. Coding, worst case scenario, you have a you have a job that you can run into if you get good at coding. You always have a job where you can run off and work for some Silicon Valley company changing their buttons for $300,000 a year. You always have that backup. It's just the best skill set to ever have. It just is. That being said, as CEO, you're not really going to be coding that much. you're going to be more so focused on sales product design and running the company and running the people inside the company. That said, you can always fall back and actually help your team with code and code. And I just think being a technical founder is so much better because and I I regret this. I'm not a technical founder. I'm my basis is in sales, internet marketing, and marketing and product design. Okay, I wish I did code because you can figure out the business side later on in life. It's kind of hard to pick up code at 35. I can code video games. I can code JavaScript but not the level that I need to be able to be at. It just unlocks so much more opportunity and you can build your softwares very easily and fast and free. So, it's worth taking six months when you're younger to learn code at a level where you can actually go and build your initial app and MVPs because then you can do it for free. You don't even have to worry about hiring developers. Now, once you have the point where you can either code or you have a little bit of money, my best advice is if you're going to hire developers, two two routes you can go. One, get a CTO who is really good at hiring developers. This is such a huge hack. Get a business partner, get a tech technical founder that's good at hiring developers. Specifically, if you can't code at all because you can't evaluate these guys, and there are two types of CTOs. They're ones that are just brilliant tech tech guys, but they don't know how to interview, they don't know how to hire. That's going to be needed. If you're building something crazy like Claude or something like that, you're building something revolutionary, you need a once in generation mind to go build that. If you're not, you need someone who's good at code, who's really good. So, for example, our CTO at Hyros, he's he's amazing developer, amazing coder, but he's also very good at hiring. So, he's able to go and build out the team for you. Also, if you're building these little mini SAS companies, in my opinion, the best way to go is to hire a firm. So there's firms which are essentially a CTO who has his own team and you can basically just recruit him and he manages a team and you basically pay him and then he manages the team and he's working on a few different projects or he has multiple teams that he'll build. So he'll just build you a team and you're basically paying the firm to build the software. This is not great if you're trying to scale to billions of dollars. If you're trying to scale to 50k, 100k, 200k a month, this works fine. And then once you get to 200 300K a month, you can just be like, "Hey, CTO, just come over here and we're all we're actually just going to make this a real company. We're not going to run like this anymore." This is the best way to hire developers because long story short, it's just such a challenge if you're starting a company and you're not a technical technical founder to be hiring your own tech team. It's just and then managing them, it's just it's going to be hard. So, I'd suggest learning code, becoming a technical founder first, being able to build your own app with maybe one or two other developers. That's going to save you so much time. or just being able to build your own apps by yourself starting off. You can make these little 30 50k a month sasses especially with AI now and the way you can code with AI and I think that's just the best way to start it off because then you can start the you can start the businesses for free. So maybe your first app doesn't work it's fine. You make two or three apps you're going to get better and better and better at it. Your third one gets there or you're at 30 50k a month you can either make another one or another one or you can actually go take big swings at companies like Hyros which I built or similar to Hyros. Now, next, AI and coding. I'm just going to touch on this very quickly. I don't think we're going to be at the point where you can solo code or replace companies or huge SAS companies with AI anytime soon. On top of just coding a company or building the the app in general, there's huge maintenance that comes with maintaining all these things. And so, where Vibe coding has a very huge flaw is once you get there's there's three flaws that you need to understand. And I'm not telling you not to learn how to vibe code. This is why I'm telling you you need to learn how to just code code. And you're not going to be able to build SAS companies just off vibe coding. It's just not going to work. We're not going to be seeing Claude building companies and replacing SAS companies anytime soon. There's three reasons for this. One is just as the as the database or the infrastructure of the app gets complicated, the AI is not able to take into context everything that's going on. Okay? And so that just there's too much going on. It's tons of files talking to each other. It just can't take that all on at once. And it doesn't have a memory of how your software works. AI doesn't remember things. Every single time you boot up chat GP, it's back to the first version of what it is. Any memory it has is just basically prompts and information loaded into it from your past conversations. And that's very limited of how much it can actually take in. Now, that's of course going to expand and everything, but part of building any software, any game is understanding the overarching infrastructure of your code and having an understanding of how it all works together. It's like a person and you remember how a person works. Say you're working with a person. Do you remember their behaviors, how they the the things they know, the things they don't know, how they work together, the way they view things and that's how you work with them. It's the same thing when working with code. AI just doesn't do that very well. On top of that, as you're building these huge things, the complexity, even if it could understand, the complexity gets very complex and you have to understand the the gen and the strategy behind your code. So, for example, if you have a video game, there's core infrastructure of how all the NPCs work together, how they tie into the damage systems, the health systems, and everything. And each coding, it's not like a a cookie cutter blueprint for each video game. They all have really unique systems that are designed, and it's called the architecture of your code. And you have to understand how they all talk to each other. Okay? And if you don't understand how your code works, there's going to be bugs. And if you don't understand, like, for example, if I'm if I code up a video game from scratch, I've done in the past, you can see like a video of a game I I play right here. If I see like that big giant character right there start moving in a weird way, I know where that code is in the system and I know how his shield interacts and I know how the damage his his damage and everything interacts and how he's going to do certain behaviors at certain times. And that's many different files all over the place. And I understand there's the behavior files over here that he talks to. There's the health files over here that he talks to. There's the bullets and the damage and the stuff the systems over here that it talks to. It's a bunch of files all talking to each other. And so if I don't understand how those all interact, I'm not going to know where to look when the guy's starts floating off in the outer space in the game. That's a very simple example right there. But if I viodated all that or I didn't understand my code, then uh you're not going to be able to go out and fix that. And so the way you need to learn how to code is using with AI to speed up your code, but you're still the one controlling the architecture and you understand how it works or you're going to run into that instance right there. And that's why vibe coding isn't going to be replacing anything anytime soon. You should develop with AI, not have AI develop your systems. You can greatly speed up, for example, that big shield character on screen. I can build I can speed up building how the bullets interact with the shield and then the health systems behind that and then automate the spawning of of systems or create a spawn system in the game with AI very very quickly because it can look at the code and do that. So I can create individual parts and speed up that. But as far as the architecture and all of it working together, that's where you run into problems and that's why vibe coding isn't a scalable solution. Finally, that comes up to the third problem, which is maintaining all of it. As you build a big SAS app, things change, APIs change, integrations change, new stuff releases in the world that the AIs haven't seen before and they can't code or they don't understand and are not able to go into. So again, you're going to have to understand how your app works to maintain your app, which takes tons of developers. So for example, people are like, well, dentist office are going to start just making and coding their own apps. No, they're not. Look at all the infrastructure goes into your business. You're not going to have a team of developers maintaining every single one of those apps. You're just going to pay for an app. Okay, so understand AI coding is about to speed up. Developers can get way more done, but no one's going to be vibe coding apps. And then finally, the last big problem with it is if you watch that one interview where the person talks about just how AI is pretty much slop right now. It's not slop. Claude can do like really good coding, excellent coding without errors, especially at a high level. The problem with it is that when you start building anything really advanced, you're going to be creating and working off new ideas. And what Looms are is basically like echo machines and they're they're they're prediction machines. They predict what's going to come next by working at what's already been created in the prompt or the input of what you're sending in. And they use things they've seen in the past. And so they have to be using old things and then comparing that to create not a new thing, but they just might copy it over and predict what's going to be there. They're not able to create a new thing. They can't create new ideas. They can't come up with new concepts. They can't creatively put two things together and come up with a new idea. It has to be something existing that creates problems as you're trying to create something completely brand new that's particularly advanced. And as soon as you get into that area, it's not even going to know how to work it all together. So these are the these are the the challenges with AI coding right now. And you're probably thinking, well, is SAS going to become extinct? I don't think so. And if you look at the LLM right now, what's happening is we're really hitting a plateau where GPT4 is not that much better than GPT5. Cloud's making huge jumps in coding, but it's even still like a 10 20% jump right here. They're still super functional. You can do crazy stuff with them, but we're not seeing the 100% leaps that we used to see. And I think that's probably going to lead to the AI bubble here maybe later in 2026 when chat GBT hits a plateau and they've spent way more money they can earn. With that being said, finally, LLM right now, the the amount of available benefits they provide to businesses has given us enough tech to build around for the next decade. So, it's the best time to actually be building SAS companies that use AI and LMS because there's so many creative applications of using stuff like chat GBT in software. For example, Harvey, it's a chat GBT wrapper. It just plugs in the chat GBT, but because of all the systems and stuff they have inside that, they were able to build a $150 million per month business worth billions and billions and billions of dollars. I think it's either 150 million a year or 150 million a month. I don't know. But they were able to build a giant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] company just wrapping around chat GBT because of all the intricacies of working with these and applying it to businesses. That's not something someone's just going to be able to go out there and copy. It's the same thing kind of with Hyros and what we're doing with Hyros Air. You slap it on a website. It's increasing revenue of businesses by 3 to 5% when you put on websites. It's a little code. It detects anonymous and your returning visitors on the website and it uses an AI mind that's trained around your business to reach out to them if they don't buy and then bring them back to the website and get them to buy. you slap on on your site SAS business and Shopify stores especially it increases the amount of calls or the sales coming in by three to five percent like clockwork and that is a chat GBT wrapper but the advantage of it is the tracking systems in hyros that are not chat GPT and the data that we have that customers are able to store up and the way we manipulate chat GBT to do certain things which is very very complicated very similar to like Finn at intercom which is a chat GBT wrapper but there's all these interesties they built in to manage manage your customer support systems to read your customer support systems to train chat GPT around your business that make it super duper valuable. So yes, people are going to roll their eyes when they say LLM wrapper companies which are basically chat GBT. They're built on top of chat GBT or Claude or whatever. Cursor is built on top of Claude. They're doing okay. And I think we're going to see tons of room to run in that area right there. So that's just my general AI coding speech and where I think the terms on all that is. So the next thing on top of this, well, we're talking about Harvey. Harvey has like I I might be pulling this out of my butt like 500 customers. All right. Or if you look at something there's a there's an AI business called Turig and they have like eight big customers and they make I I think they did like a billion in revenue or 500 million. A lot of money. Harvey doing either 150 million a year or I think they ran I think it's 150 million a year. Anyway, they're valued at like $7 billion or something. Good result. Okay. So, what are the points of this right here? You you don't really those are kind of bad examples because of how much money they make, but you want to sell to high-end customers first. Why? All right, so look, it is going to be way easier for you to call a law firm and create a custom app just for them one to one that bills them 30,000 a month than it is going to be for you to get uh 300 $100 per month customers on your app that stay forever. Why? Because you can look at all the advantages you have. You can make an app onetoone for them. You can do it for them. You can manage it all for them. It's like a service. You can build custom things for them. They get better customer support. And you can guarantee results because you're doing it all for them. So, if we get one customer at 30,000 a month and we're doing everything for them, we can basically guarantee that person is going to stay if we get them results. So, if we go to like a law firm or a high-end business that has a lot of money and let's say we build them something that costs them 30,000 a month, but it makes them an extra 150,000 a month. Easy, easy, easy, easy, easy. This gives you ton of funding for your company, gives you tons of cash flow coming in and guarantees the customers going there. And so, it'd be way easier just to get 10 $30,000 a month businesses or 30,000 a month clients than it would be to get thousands and thousands of $100 per month clients because those $100 per month clients, you have to come in, it has to work for them every single time, and you can't talk or interact with them and do all these things right here. So the sales process, the keeping of the customer, everything is much harder and it's harder to run your ads properly and you have to spend a lot of money on marketing because you have to get lots of them in. Hell, if you're doing high-end, you can just reach out one to one. This works so much better when you're first founding your company and you can either keep going down the high-end route or you can take everything you built for this customer right here and then start mass marketing it so you can make it for smaller uh law firms and they can sign up self-s serve for it. Okay, so this is the best way to start a company. This is how we did at Hyros. We found info businesses that were already spending 50,000 a month on ads. Probably making 100,000 500,000 million a month. And we said, "Hey, we're going to set up a tracking. You're making 200,000 a month on your ads. This tracking will make you an extra 20,000 a month from scaling your ads. We guarantee it. You're not going to have to pay us if it doesn't do that. You pay your upfront because we're going to custom set it all up for you. That year upfront makes us a lot of money, gives us cash flow coming in. Instead of getting hundreds of customers to get to 100,000 a month at hires, we only really need to get 30 customers per month to get to 100,000 a month. That wasn't too hard to do. We were able to scale. We had cash flow coming in. And that became reoccurring as those annual contracts renewed every single year. And so that's how we built the company much better and much easier than going and selling a $19 per month little gizmo to thousands of people, which is very hard to do. Which comes down to the next thing. Before you start doing any marketing, make sure the customers have results. I don't care. This is a little bit challenging sometimes if you're in a place where you need to get cash flow because you can't always make the software perfect before you start selling it. But if you do it one to one and you can get 20 customers that are getting a killer result, then you actually have a product. Like I said before, if they they threaten you with pitchforks, if you turn it off, then you have a product. You have product market fit. Okay? So the reason why you want to do that is because if you don't have this, what's going to happen is when you run marketing, people are going to come into the product and they're going to bounce out of the product. Now what do I also mean by result? For example, when Dropbox first started, if they got 100 people in, only about five of the people stayed and used Dropbox, even though Dropbox had the full functionality it did before. Uh when Gamma, a company that's worth billions of dollars right now, they make PowerPoint presentations from AI. When they first started off, the amount of people that joined the software and actually stayed was very low. Now the companies are worth billions of dollars. How they do this? It's because Dropbox after they got the result for the customers made sure the customer stayed by improving their onboarding and the ease of use of the software. So the person actually understood and comprehended what was going on and then got to the final result. Gamma. If you go look at their onboarding system, go sign up for them. Just as an example, you'll be making PowerPoints in seconds while like doing a coloring book onboarding. This got the amount of people that actually came in while the result is was there originally, but most people weren't getting to the result. Now it gets them the result. Their churn is super low because people get to the result very fast and it's a very sticky software. These things altogether is what you need before you start marketing the software. If you look at school for example, they they didn't have good I I'm assuming they didn't have good churn rates when they started off. What Sam Ovenans did over there is he just made sure and worked on the product and made sure the customer got the result and was able to get to the point where they're able to get a result. Not just getting the result is good enough. That that's not good enough. If the software just gets a result, the person has to get to the point where they realize they're getting a result and they see the result. If a lot of softwares that you sign up for, it's like you walk into an IKEA store and there's just a a throwing IKEA pieces everywhere and the sign says good luck in just an empty room. Doesn't matter if that that bed that you build from the IKEA furniture is the most comfortable bed on planet Earth. If people aren't able to build and construct and get to the point where they lay down, you they're not going to keep paying for the product. Same exact situation. So, you need to get all this laid out before you do your marketing, before you start selling it. Because I'm sure you've seen a lot of info marketers and internet marketing gurus, a lot of the most famous dudes outside Alex Heroszi have launched softwares and none of them exist a year later. Why? Even if the softwares work, it's this. They start marketing before they made sure the result was there and the customer can get to the result. Okay? If Uber, for example, when you signed up for it, it took 15 forms and you had to like do a ton of manual stuff and verify your ID, you wouldn't use Uber despite Uber getting the result. Understand this when you're building your companies. And my final two pieces of advice is this one right here. And there's times to disobey this. Just do one thing when you're trying to go big. If you're just starting off, I think the best way to actually make money is to build micro SAS because you can actually go and niche down. And so this is one tip that I'm going to give you right off the bat. niche super far down when you're starting off. Don't just go after the uh call booking industry. Go after the call booking industry for dentists, but don't just go after dentists. Go after the call booking industry for organic dentists. The people that remove uh little or the metal fillings that are from the 90s and replace with an organic filling. Do I saying just do organic dentists? No, I'm saying you niche down to like the super subsets of businesses. Don't go after personal trainers. Go after personal trainers for um older women, mils. Okay. Uh go older uh geriatric people, something like that. Niche down because then you can make an app that's specifically for them and beat everybody else. Do you become the only person selling the product in the entire industry? Does that allow you to scale very far? No. You'll probably only be able to make 20, 30, 50,000 a month tops from the app. That's fine. Then you go and clone the app and you make it for another super duper small subset. Then you go and clone an app and you make it from another super duper small subset. Then you could actually wrap the apps together and turn into one big product. You see how that works? Niche down at first. That's going to allow you to build much better. But once you actually want to get to the point where you make a million or a couple million or 10 million or whatever a month, what you want to do is you need to just focus on one thing. You shouldn't be building multiple SAS companies all the time. I have friends that have like an info proc and a SAS company and they run a YouTube channel and all sort of stuff like that. And unless you're Alex Mozi who does all those things, you're not going to be able to pull it off. Okay. Uh when I started getting really results and I got to the huge valuations at Hyros, it's just when I sat down and said, I'm just only going to work on Hyros. I'm only going to work on SAS. That's just all I do. The reason I know so much about SAS and the reason I'm good at it is because that's just all I do. I don't do anything else. Yes, I run this YouTube channel. It's for fun and I it's easy for me because I understand SAS information. Yes, I have my crypto channel, but I do crypto gambling and that stuff on the side. All right, that's not my main thing. That's not my focus. You don't see me building crypto companies or like big serious crypto company swings. Just do one thing. Just do one thing because in order for you to win in SAS, people don't use the third and fourth best product. They use number one and number two and the number one gets most money. There is Slack and then there is other customer communication apps. There is Stripe and there's other payment processors. There is Gamma and then there's other PowerPoint creation softwares. There is 11 Labs and then there is other AI voice softwares. is only going to be number one. There is Zapier and there's other tons of connection softwares. There is Clickfunnels and Go High Levels and there's other landing page creators. It's always number one and number two. So, in order for you to be the best and get all the money, 90% of the money in the industry, you have to be number one. And so, the only way you're going to do this is if if it's the only thing you're doing, because if someone else is doing it, and unless you're Elon Musk, which you are not, you're just not going to be able to beat them if they're only doing one thing and you're doing five. It's very simple. And then finally, my last piece of advice for you on this is if we're talking about number ones and number twos is focus on your customer. If you want to know where your ideas are going to be at, you want to know where you're going to get results at, talk to your customer. If you want to know what to build next, talk to your customer. You want to know why your churn is high, talk to your customer. If you want to know things in your software confusing or why they're not completely onboarding, you talk to your customer. If you want to know how to get more customers, you talk to your customer because if you make them happy, you're going to get tons more people just like your customer. Also, know your customer. Have a target customer. I don't sell to every single person on earth. For example, one of the things that Triple Whale and Clavio did really really well when they were building their companies is they saw other companies doing like email marketing for example, Clavio saw this and instead of going after every single type of business with email that needed to do email marketing, they just focused on Shopify stores and they only did Shopify stores and they only talked to Shopify customers and so they built the best damn number one product for Shopify customers. You don't have to be number one in an entire industry. You have to be number one for a specific type of customer. Okay? understand that. Do not focus on your competitors. Now, look, there is times to look at your competitors and what they're doing well and what you can learn from your competitors, but you're never trying to like you you're not they're not the person that's buying from you. You shouldn't be chasing your competitors ever. You should be chasing your customers. If you're not sure about what to do with your company, don't go and say, "Well, what's so and so doing? We're going to do it because so and so is doing this." Think about your what your customer, who your target customer is, who's really happy with your software, and how you can get them to be even happier and stay even longer. And then how you can help them share your product with other people like them. That's how you're going to win. All right? You're going to win by getting the most of these type of people right here, not by stealing people from your competitors because they're already talking to their target customer if they're smart. If they're idiots, they're going to start chasing you or chasing other companies and they'll hemorrhage all their comp customers anyways. But if they're just focused on their target customer and making them happy, you need to find how to differentiate and you need to find out how to target that target customer better and be number one in space. If they're number one at it, you need to be doing something else. You shouldn't be trying to take their cookie or chasing them or or doing something. You should be building something because it needs to exist for the customer. If you're building something just to copy can get money, it just becomes 10 times harder. So, that's just a general rant on that. There's so many other factors and examples and and reasons I could give for this, but you could just skip all that and just focus on your damn customer and you're going to get such such such such better results. So, that is an hour. The time is up. I've been talking for an hour here. I'm sure when the editor edits down, it's going to be less. That is everything. Not everything, I know, but that is like an endless list of tips and tricks in SAS lightning rounded at you that are going to show up in your bottom line and are going to make you a lot more successful. If you like this and stuff, um, a lot of the concepts I broke down are below this video. Product market fit, how to start the company from scratch, all laid out, much more specifics, not just endless tips, just one topic at a time. Very well laid out. If you like information on SAS companies and building SAS companies, subscribe to this channel. If you want to improve your SAS ads further and get more customers for your ads and get more customers for your SAS, you should check out high-risisk because if you apply our tracking like all the big SAS companies right here, you're going to get more calls coming in because you're going to be able to get calls cheaper and more efficiently. And if you want more calls coming to your website passively, you should put on higher sale because then our outbound SER will reach out and bring people back to the site and increase the amount of calls you're getting by 3 to 5% which is a ton of money. For example, we use at Hyris, we've added over 100,000 a month in MR just from our air system plugged into the AI training that we've put into it, which will be done custom for your company as well if you do it. So, you should go check out Hyris because it's going to make you more money. And if you like making more money instead of less money, it's it's the thing for you. Okay, so I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How To GUARANTEE Your SaaS idea Will Make Millions (Full Class From 200 mil founder)
VIDEO ID: Mm05k0oNW7M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm05k0oNW7M
================================================================================

Look, on this channel, I talk SAS and tech entrepreneurship. But if you're a business owner of any kind, if you do not get what I put in this video, you're going to fail just like all these influencer businesses. So, I know what you're thinking. Why am I mentioning influencer businesses? Because it's a perfect example of what I need to teach you today. Your business is destined to fail without it. Check out this post on X the other day. You can see all the way from Logan Paul, Casey Neistat. I'm sure you've seen all the make money online influencers who've launched their own software companies and try to get into the AI agent business. All these businesses launch tons of hype, tons of customers, huge marketing, and then they all flop and fail. Why? It's because the procs failed to achieve product market fit. They didn't check to make sure they had this before they launched their business. And so, even with the best hype in the entire world, they still all failed. And product market fit is more than just making customers like your product. It's making sure people understand, stay, and continue to pay for your product, which is an entire other beast that we're going to tackle in this video. And if you can get this first, you can essentially guarantee your SAS product or any type of business you're running is going to work, keep customers, and keep growing and making you more money. People ask me all the time, "How do I know if my product idea is good?" This is the cheat code for it that I'm about to teach you. And I would listen because this built me a software company worth hundreds of millions of dollars, and I've used to build many, many smaller companies. They're worth eight figures. It's just crispy. This is how you do it and this is how you make sure it's going to work every single time and you don't have these businesses go like all these influencer businesses. Let's discuss. Here's the first thing. Product market fit. Woo spilled a mystical letters behind this. Everybody talks about product market fit. It's talked about in SAS. If you were in tech at all, this is everybody's product market fit. Product market fit. But no one knows what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] product market fit is or has a definition for it. So, I'm going to give you a definition that actually works. And if you just achieve this one damn thing, you are going to have success. And in this video, I'm going to give you a checklist that you can go through to make sure you've achieved product market fit. Now, in a nutshell, what product market fit is is essentially where you've hit a point where your product has customers come in, people love the product, and you start seeing sales take off because people are buying your product, they're telling their friends about their product, they're using the product, they're buying more of your product, aka you have a product that works. But that's such a vague definition. And so what I actually think it is is when you actually have this and if you have this, you have a product that can scale and make you a lot of money if the market's big enough. It is when you have a collection of 20 to 50 customers that will actively freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if you turn off your product. And why would they freak out? It's because the result you are getting them is so consequential and so useful to their life that the amount of money they give you is not even an issue. It's trivial for them. In fact, they demand you take your money. If you started rejecting their money and block their access to the product, they would come with pitchforks, light your house on fire, be extremely upset. If you've ever noticed, for example, when Fortnite goes down for 15 minutes, the people don't complain or want refunds or want their money back or or to stop using the product, they start gouging their eyes out and screaming and losing their mind. This is what product market fit looks like. And so, whenever you're building a product, the first thing you're going to want to look for is this. But I'm going to break down specific criteria for you that if you achieve this checklist right here, you're going to have success because to get to this point right here, you need to know the indicators and what to build around and what things to build through. It's not just something that happens all at once. You have to build it in order. Okay, so look again, like I say before, this is exactly what I used to build my software company, Hyros, which is closing in on $40 million AR. We're growing about 40 50% a year right now. So it works obviously to this point. If you have a software company making $100 million a year, please, you don't got to listen to this video, but at least works to this point. So, take it for what it is. Now, you're also going to see me doing the same exact process with our new AI product at Hyros. You're going to notice I'm not really marketing this product for the exact reason why these influencer businesses are blowing up. You're going to see me going through this exact same checklist. So, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. So, pay attention. So, the first thing you need to look for is does it get a result for your target customer every single time? Okay. So let's talk about it in terms of my product air. So what we have right now is an AI agent. It goes out, you put on people's websites, it detects people coming to the website, and then it uses AI to reach out to them, bring them back to the website, close them, and get them on calls, increase sales. When it's put on a customer's website the right way, it increases their business by 3 to 5% each time. I'm not here to pitch you air. I'm just telling you what it does and how I look at my product and how you can look at it for your product. So the first thing is there's a lot of different types of businesses that could join up for this right now. For example, we could have like a an agency that's going to try and generate leads. Now the most important thing is we have to nail our target market first off. And so where we're trying to really get the best results are are for SAS and Shopify stores. Okay, this is our target customer with this initially. Works for everything, but these are the ones we really want to get results with every single time. So, the most important thing you need to do is you need to identify your target customer. It can't be everybody. We don't need to get results for everybody. Not everybody that logs in has every type of business type, whether they're running a zoo or a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Pokemon card store, needs to be able to sign up and get results. Just your target market, whatever it is, pick a target market, go after it. If they sign up and you hold their hand and do it for them, do they get a result 100% of the time? If the answer is no, your product isn't good enough. You don't need to be marketing it. You don't need to be taking the market. You don't need to be trying to sell it. This is it. The end. You need to go back and say, "Hey, have we nailed our target customer and their problems well enough to get them results or not. If it's not like if they're not coming in and getting a result every single time, the product doesn't work. Now, they don't have to come up and set up the product. They don't even have to use the product. If you use the product for them, aka you jerryrig it for success for them. You use your own product on their store, will they get results?" The answer is no. Do not move past this step. Keep doing this until this step is at 100%. You don't have to get them to sign up for the software or your product or whatever you're using again and they get the result. If you did it for them, would they 100% get a result? Because getting them to use the product and actively use it in their lives is a whole entire other problem. But this is the first one. Does it get a result 100% of the time? So at Air for example, before we even took this live or mentioned it, we made sure we got about 20 Shopify stores. We put them on. We made sure their revenue increased 3 to 5% when we put it on. We got SAS companies. We made sure their calls increase every single time when we set it up for them. We didn't market it. We didn't go and make some big drop. We made sure it worked every damn time before even considering putting this on our website. Now, let's look at these influencer businesses that are launching all the time. I'm going to give you just two really super duper simple examples. You see a lot of business gurus go and launch softwares. And if you've seen them launch them, the softwares are always gone within a year. Why does this happen? If they have such a huge following, and they have so many people that know about them, it's because their customers all come in, they don't get results, and then they stop paying for the software. If you do not have customers that pay three times, four times, six times, and pay for the next two, three, four years and keep coming back to your business, you don't have a business. You just don't have a business. So, there's no point in launching a product if people are not getting the result that they're looking for. You see all these fitness people launch these results in these courses or supplements and then people don't get results and people just don't give you money for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they don't need. If they don't need something they are cutting it off like that. You must make sure they get a result 100% of the time. Now the next thing you need to do once they are getting result 100% of the time you actually are cooking with fire because your main challenge right now is not having a product to get results. It's getting people to actually use the product and get results. So you must move to the next step which is the big question. Is this target market big enough? Okay. So, for example, if we got 1% of the entire SAS market and 1% of the entire Shopify market with Hyros Air, well, we we're making hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Perfectly fine. Market's big enough. If we are going after every single organic dentist in the Plano area, that's our that's our target demographic or the little suburb. No, we're not going to be able to scale this to $100 million a year. You need to be able to look at what's your goal income. So, if you want to make a million dollar per year, you can actually just go in a small market and make a small business that makes a million per year and just dominate the hell out of it. Totally fine. If you want to go and make $10 million, you're going to need more target customers. You need to look at the type of customers you're working with as well. For example, Harvey is a AI agent platform for lawyers and it only has about 500 customers. I think last I checked they're doing about $150 million a year in revenue or something crazy like that. I I forgot it was, but they had a very small amount of customers in return for how much money they're making. So again, because their target market is lawyers, there doesn't need to be zillions of customers. There just needs to be like a thousand of them, 500 of them, and they're doing very, very well. I looked at another company called Turig, and most of their money all comes from eight customers. If you look at Nvidia, I think almost all of their revenue comes from like two or three other companies. So, you got to think, you got to look at these numbers and you got to actually look at the customer size and what's going on there. So after you've identified that the target is market is big enough, you now need to go and determine if the problem and solution is big enough. Okay, so what do I mean by this? Remember when I said those people who get angry if you turn it off? So look, if you come and create some type of glue that makes my refrigerator stop squeaking and the glue costs $1,000, I'm probably just not going to pay you for that because that's not that big of a problem in my life. However, if I have a wart growing on my face and without your ointment, this wart just gets bigger and bigger, I will pay you $10,000 a day for that product. So, what you need to understand about this is that you need to solve a problem that's big enough in relation to the money that you're trying to charge that the person will lose their absolute mind if you turn it off. For example, if we connect someone to air at Hyros and they're making an extra 3 to 5% a month. Say it's a Shopify store making 100,000 a month and then we make them an extra $5,000 $7,000 per month and then we turn off air. They get really peevey very quickly. Like we can flip it on and off and make their emotions go up. We don't do this. Okay, this not this is not something we've attempted at Hyros. But I'm making the point right here. If you look at, for example, Logan Paul's Prime energy drink, which is not doing so well right now from what I heard. I'm actually I like Logan Paul. There's nothing against Logan Paul or anything they're doing. It's just the prime example of an influencer business not going well after taking off. Did the people get morbidly upset when they took away Prime or they stopped buying Prime? No. They didn't have a hard problem that they solved. That's it. It didn't. People didn't get super upset when you when they stopped buying Prime. Problem right there. If you look at a lot of these influencer businesses where they launch software, they make an attempt at software. What happens when people forget to pay their bill at the software companies that these influencers launch? Nothing. like the people don't notice. They're like, "Oh, this software I was paying for, uh, it's not there anymore." If you have that situation, you don't have a you don't have a company. Yeah, you can solve the problem, but if the problem's not that big, the person is not going to stick around. You want something, the second that credit card bill defaults or something, the person flips out because it's turn off. If if I don't pay my cell phone bill, it turns off. I notice like immediately within minutes. Okay. If I don't pay our Amazon AWS bill at Hyros, our entire software goes offline. We notice pretty quickly. Now, you don't need to have a problem that big, but this is what you need to do. If you have your product online, whether it's a supplement, whatever, just go turn it off for 30 minutes. If you don't have multiple customer support tickets with people getting really mad, you don't really have a product. Okay? Uh if if you want to if you have a supplement or something like that, just go to your site and turn off the order form for a day. If you don't have people pounding down the door and saying, "What the hell was going on?" and saying book me or notify me as soon as it comes back online. You don't have a product. Okay? You have to do this step right here after those steps I just talked about. Now, at this point, if you have these things I just talked about, you're cooking with grease. You got something good. Your biggest challenge right now is getting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the person, if this is the person and this is the cookie you're selling them, it's to put that damn cookie in their mouth. Because you have to understand, you need to love your customer. Your customer is the number one most important thing. You need to be obsessed with these people and you need to love them because what they're doing is they're paying for you and your staff's entire life. And if your company is successful, making all of you very rich. Like they're the best thing ever. Okay? But you also have to look at them this way. And this is a really good thought experiment. Don't think of your customers like this, but look at them and think in this way. Imagine your customers are a 5-year-old who's super grumpy, past their bedtime, will put effort into and nothing. They're just a little fat little fiveyear-old and will not lift a finger to get any result with your product. They will not read. They will not read more than five words at a time. They will look off in different directions. Their phone will be going off. Just think of them as the most ADHD psycho three-year-old past their bedtime grumpy person who hates you. And then imagine you're trying to get them to use your product. This is the key because for example, let's talk about Dropbox. I'm sure you've heard of them. So when they launched their product, this is something that had all the criteria that I talked to you about in the previous sections. All those all those things in the list, they had it. But when people came and signed up for them and they presented the promo to people and they had people try to sign up, only about 10% of people got to the point where they actually use the software. I don't care if you send a million people into the business. I don't care if you have Mr. Beast take his shirt off, light his nipples on fire, and declare it the best software or product on earth in the history of products. You don't have a business. It doesn't matter. So, what you need to do as soon as you have this, you need to go into your product experience, whether it's a supplement, whether it's a tool people have at their house, whether it's a software, and say, what is the initial experience like? And one, is it memorable? Is it impressive? Does it leave a good vibe with the customer in the first two minutes? Okay, in the first two minutes. And more importantly, does the customer get some sort of value and recognize the value in the first two minutes? Because if people don't recognize value, they're going to bounce. and does the customer understand the value and how to get it easily within the first two minutes. If they don't, it's not going to work. So, what you're going to see is a really good way to personify this is if you look at most SAS companies setups, um the time it takes to get value is weeks. And when people sign into software companies a lot of times, think about software tools you've bought for your business. It's like they showed up to an empty warehouse with a bunch of IKEA furniture everywhere and it says good luck in the middle. No one's going to stay around and use that even if it if it removes the wart on their face kind of problem. So what you want to do is make sure that the person gets to that initial value and has that aha moment in the first two minutes and they don't have to think. So two really good examples of this type of care is go sign up for a software called Gamma. It's a AI generation PowerPoint company worth billions of dollars right now and they've been able to achieve that in like two in the last two years. Crazy growth. The reason why they've been able to do this is they spent so much time on their first their original 30 seconds to two minutes. And if you go sign up for that software, you're going to be creating AI powerpoints and seeing the benefits and value of the software within seconds and you won't have to think. It has like coloring book pictures to get there. So the same thing when we were launching Hyros Air originally for our Shopify customers originally from the sign up they had to go through the hyro setup. They had to install some code. They had to do all this stuff. We reduced the entire setup. I'll put it on the screen right now from this which is just a bunch of jargon and onboarding stuff to literally this thing I'm playing on the screen right now. It takes the setup down to about 15 seconds and immediately within those 15 seconds they don't have to put a card down. They start seeing the software working and generating customers on their site that day. Okay. And so why did we do that and why did we not even launch the product until we had something like that up or start mass marketing which we haven't done yet. this same exact concept right here. Same thing as Dropbox. Same same thing as Gamma. I don't care what you're selling. Imagine if Eat Sleep, for example. You know that mattress that everybody sleeps on right now. That mattress, imagine if it show up to people's house and like there wasn't any good instructions and the manual stunk and stuff like that and you just got a big old mattress in a box. I don't care if that thing gets down to sub-zero arctic temperatures and makes you lose weight while you're sleeping. No one's going to put it on. And so that's why they made the boxes, the setup, the the phone app, everything. impressive as hell, clean as hell, and just like literally coloring book. If you ever sat up one of those beds, it's like put cord in thing. They have like pictures, big giant pictures. They don't even use words because everyone's too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid to read these days. They have that. Okay, so what you need to do is you start getting your first customers in and you measure how often a customer comes in and gets results. You don't need to be marketing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] until they get 100% of the way there. I guarantee all these influencer software businesses you see that always launch, they probably have one, they always charge people upfront because they know the people aren't going to get the result. It's not because they're trying to scam. It's just because they're stupid. They're like they don't they don't understand how to build a long-term business. And so they think they just need to charge up front because they're not going to get their money any other way. And so what they're going to do is they have all the people come in. Someone pays $1,000 for their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] software. And then 5% of the people even get to fully set up with the software because that's how software works. You don't have a business. The next time this bill rolls around and people aren't going to resubscribe, business is dead after the second reoccurring bill. That's it. Why on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name would you send 100,000 people down this funnel when 95% of them are going to cancel just cuz they can't even get to the value of your software? I don't care if your software literally makes your dick 10 feet bigger. It's not going to work if they don't get to the value. So once you get people going down your funnels and after they buy or do your trial and you get to 90% of people getting to the value and understanding the value and getting what you're doing, what you then need to do is look at this one last final thing. Is it good enough that they're telling their friends, this is their friend, this is friends about it. This is the final step. If you have all those things I said before, people getting morbidly upset when you turn it off. 90% of people getting to the result and you can witness them telling their friends about you can put things in there like an affiliate program or distribution model uh kind of like for example Zapier all the software companies that plugged into it they made pages on their website and all the companies started sending people to their uh to the Zapier website to hook in with Zapier distribution model right there. If you look at school for example, people really like school and so they go and create classrooms on school and they share the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of it because they get affiliate incomes from school uh or from the school classrooms doing it and they also really like the product. The same exact thing going on with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in that situation right now. That's why WOP's growing like crazy because people share it and tell all their friends about it. They create this community where people are talking about two prime examples right there in software right now. I really want you to think about the experiences you've had with products and what products you're really into. You probably have a few supplements. You probably have a few clothing brands. some things you just really like and you've told a lot of people about without any incentive from the company. You probably most of the things you use, that's how you use them or you look for some referral online. Once you have that, that's when things are crispy. That's when things are really crispy because what you're going to have is you have this funnel where people freak out. They want to keep paying you. They come in at such a high rate and have success at high rate that they keep paying you to super high rate and then they tell their friends and your their friends all go through that same exact process. This is how companies like Slack or Gamma or other companies I mentioned in this video go from nothing to worth billions of dollars hyper quickly. This is all there is to it. And then once you have all this, you have like this this steroid chipmunk covered in gasoline. All right. This is He's right here. Here's his ears. And you also It's also shaped like Wyoming. We'll give him a give him a There you go. There's There it is. You have the superpowered squirrel covered in gasoline and you're just sitting in him with a flamethrower at this point. Okay, this is a terrible example. Anyways, you got this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] squirrel and you have this thing that would have just been a little bundle of matches. It's now a giant log covered in gasoline and it just explodes when you send stuff in there and then people stay for years and so you keep this energy. What is going on with all these influencer businesses and how most people run their businesses is they don't have that and so they have this pile of matches. They send in thousands of people into the pile of matches. There's a little puff and then the energy gets lost. It it doesn't escape. You want to start off with five people. Just five five [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come in there. You send them in and you make sure all five of those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stay. They do not want to leave. They they will fight you if you're like, "Hey, it's time TO LEAVE." THEY'RE LIKE, "That's what you want." Okay. Then once you have that, you make sure all those other things like establish, you make sure when you send five more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there, they get all the way there and they end up in that same psychotic place as those other five [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then you make sure they tell five other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. Then once you have all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here staying in here getting all humpy dumpty, then you send in a thousand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into this environment right here and none of them leave. So this is the exit. They're all like, "Nope, nope." They bar the exit and make it so you can't even put the exit there without them suing you or something. That's when you are going to have an incredibly wildly successful business. And if any of these influencers did it, the reason their businesses are failing is not because they're influencers or hype doesn't matter. Hype reallying matters. It's it's it's phenomenal. It's it's it's great. You want to have lots of hype. It's great marketing. It matters that you have these things so the customers stay after they hit. It's the only thing. If Logan Paul had done this with his and they they had found some way to make Prime stick and they had done test groups where people actually kept buying it. They made sure people kept buying it without prompting from Logan and KSI every single time. A zillion dollar brand. If all the other companies that I mentioned made sure that people kept buying, if all these influencers and make money influencers, the softwares they launched, uh the crypto companies they launched and all stuff, they made sure people kept buying afterwards, zillion dollar companies, zillion dollar companies immediately, but they don't. And so they become zero dollar companies. They go that's why you see companies like school. I don't know if you know Sam Ovens, he used to be an influencer, used to be a make money guy. He's like, "Hey, you know what? I'm just going to go sit in my house and never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk to anybody ever again." He made school. He did this exact same process. Make sure that every person that comes in stays forever and then he slowly just got more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in who told everybody about everything else and then it just slowly fly out. You will never see Sam on the internet like at all anymore. There's like videos on like with 30,000 views and the company's worth like $800 million. So you tell me what works. It's this process right here. It's simply this process right here. This is the same process I use to get high roast my business a large amount. This is the exact same process I'm using at our new product there as well. I think if you look need tracking for your SAS or Shopify company or you want literally to just add three to five percent more calls or revenue, you should check out Hyros Air or Hyros tracking. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. You you'll like it a lot. But this video isn't the pitch of those things to tell you how to build your bu your business properly and what's worked for me over and over and over again. So that's the video. If you like these videos, subscribe and um you know, bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: It's CHEATING, but it's the fast way to 1 mil/Year
VIDEO ID: DJNP8tAqbjo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJNP8tAqbjo
================================================================================

Do you want to make money? Do you want to make money real fast? You want to make money with no money down, zero investment? Well then, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this this this is the video for you. We're really scraping the bottle of the barrel. Yes, we got the nice make money fast online with no investment or no prior experience type of video on the channel. The late night info market target audience. All the past viewers of Tai Lopez that have had to abandon ship after he lost his street credit. They need to find a new get-rich quick scheme. This is where you need to end up. This is where you want to be. Cuz in this video, I'm realistically going to be showing you the fastest way to get to 10, 20, $50,000 per month from your house with zero investment. And we're actually going to do it by using good old sound business fundamentals, which you should listen to me about cuz I built a net worth north of $200 million. And I have absolutely nothing to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sell you because I'm already rich. And wait, there's more. If you're a person actually already has a business, what I'm going to show you right here is the best way to grow your business or expand it. Because the thing we're going to be focusing on here, the thing we're going to be playing off of is the core of launching any business, not just a new one, not just a get-rich quick scheme business from your mom's basement. If you understand this concept I'm going to present to you right here, you can go and use as a beginner, launch businesses without money upfront, without risk, and actually scale them very quickly because it's the core of what actually makes a business work. And if you already have a business, this is the way to refine the business and actually grow it much further. I've seen many businesses like the one I'm about to show you in this video. Scale to 5, 10 plus million a year. Now, once you get to those points, you're probably going to want to do some other things, but this works and this gets it done. This has worked for me over and over again. I've seen it work hundreds and hundreds of times. Let's begin. Also, forgive me. My sweet garage right now is is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show. We're we're building stuff. So, deal with it. Okay, let's get into it. So, here's what you need to understand first off, and this is the main concept. Once you get this, it's pretty easy to start businesses that are very fast, very profitable, very cash flow in your pocket, all the things you guys are looking for in this video kind of businesses. So, look, what this is called is the storming the beach analogy or this is exactly what I like to call it. Now, when people get into wanting to start businesses, they always think it takes some creativity or some big investment or some big idea. They seem to think that entrepreneurs are like this creative class of people and you either got the gen or you do not. This is nothing further than the truth. You could be an uncreative [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and still crush it in business if you understand these basic concepts because it's all just supply and demand, especially at the lower levels. Yes, if you want to make a business that's generating you millions of dollars per month consistently without doing some sketchy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're probably going to have to be creative. You're probably going to have to make a really good product and be a good entrepreneur. You want to make $10,000 $50,000 a month, you have to make a bottom of the barrel business that relies more so on fundamentals of business and not your own creativity. If you get the actual fundamental businesses right, you're going to be very successful here. A way to look at this in a perspective is if you had a group of people and just one of those people had, I don't know, 50 hours of jiu-jitsu training and you had them all fight each other, that person would whoop the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of basically anybody if they ended up on the ground with that very basic understanding of like what not to do and what to do when you're on the ground. That would allow them to do everything. This is the same thing in business. If you have the basic fundamental understandings of what you should be doing and what actually gets sales and what actually drives demand for what you're going to be selling in your business, you don't have to be good at anything. You don't have to be talented. You just have to understand the fundamentals, which people do not. So, when it comes to making businesses grow and sell easily, this is the best fundamental to understand. It's the taking of the beach analogy. So, let's imagine you have an entire market in any business, any industry, and there's a bunch of products in the market that already work and are already selling and making a lot of money. All you have to do is you have to break into this market by going and finding a very tiny tiny tiny, let's say even 1% of the market, less than 1% of the market, and taking what's making in the market and optimizing it for this. So, let's look at why this works. One, you don't have to be creative. You just look at what's working in an existing market and then you go and I'm going to give you examples here in a moment. Trust me, you're not going to have to think or do any higher level principle thinking. Trust me, I'll I'll spell it out for you. This is the purple crayon coloring book version of this lesson. But if you see things already working in the market, you know the money's there and you know people are buying this product. And the easiest way to get a leg up in a market is most products have to appeal to a large range of audiences or people or businesses or customers if they want to scale. You can't just stick in little tiny markets and scale. It doesn't work like that. But you can because you're not trying to make a million dollar per month business. You're not trying to make a $500,000 per month business. You're trying to make something that pays your personal bills, which is 10K, 20K, 50K a month. Well, actually, I don't think that's most people's personal bills, but it's going to allow you to get to the point where you're financially good and you can actually start building businesses and be an entrepreneur, whatever the you want to do. And this little tiny part of the market is more than enough to cover your biscuit. So, let's talk about a few examples right here across different types of business models because I'm sure what you're thinking right now is, "Oh, okay. What type of exact business model and exact business things should I get into?" It doesn't really matter. Despite what every guru who's telling you, join my course and this specific business model guide, it's the best one to get started with as a beginner. There's really no best business model for beginners. The best thing to do if you're a beginner is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listen to me on this. It's important. if you're a beginner is market to small markets because when you market to very small specific markets, you're able to custom suit a product that's perfect for the customer. When a product is perfect for the customer, they're going to buy it at a very high rate because you are perfectly suiting or fixing their problem. Now, you're not going to be able to fix many people's problems, but for these small handful of people, you're going to have the perfect product that solves their exact problem. When you have a perfect product that solves someone's exact problem, they're going to pay you money for it, even if you suck at everything else. Because people have problems and they pay you to fix their problems. Now, solving a whole bunch of people, the entire market's problems, that's very hard and there's massive competition for that because that's where all the money is, okay? But we don't need all the money. We just need a little bit of money. And so, we need to go and solve a very small part of the market's problem. So, let's look at some examples of this. Let's think about this. So, where would an easy example of this be? I'm sure you're all over YouTube right now. You see people saying, "Hey, sell AI agents to businesses." There's a bunch of other business models you can get into, but this is probably one that you know and you've heard about. So, you see people selling AI agents to businesses all over the place. You see people maybe selling like callfunnel AI agents that you put on local businesses or whatever. So, it's a little AI agent that watches your phone calls or picks up your phone or talks to people calling the phone. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Just something like that. What you could do is you could niche down and go into a very very specific market like dentists, but then niche down even further and go into like organic dentists that focus in on the removal of fillings that have inorganic materials in it. It's it's supposedly really bad for you. What you could do is you could design an AI agent that is fully aware and trained and focused on that specific market, understanding everything that comes there, the questions that people ask, all that good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you could train that agent specifically for those businesses and then you could market just to those businesses. Now, why would this work? If you call up a local dentist's office and say, "Hey, I have this AI agent that's going to improve your phone calls." They're not going to go with it because everyone in their dog is doing that. Everybody's trying to sell it to them. But if you call up an organic agent office and say, "Hey, I have an agent that focuses specifically on organic dentistry and it works specifically for this. It's trained specifically on your business model. I have five other organic dentists I've put this on and increased their sales this much. Are you going to have 100% close rate? No. But your close rate is going to skyrocket. Because the best way to market to someone outside of calling out their in particular name and knowing exactly who they are and custom designing a product for them is calling them up and calling out exactly what they are, who they are, and very niche down specifically to who they are and what their specific problem is. And so if you had an AI agent that isn't focused on the entire call market for dentists or the entire call market for local businesses, but niche down to just organic dentistes, dentistes, whatever the multiple plural word is for dentist, you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill it. Now, let's look at some other examples of this just across the space. If you're selling an e-commerce product, let's say you're selling sunglasses, you could go, and then I'm not suggesting do this, but this is just the type of thought process you have. You could go and sell pro sunglasses for people with very very tiny faces, okay? Like little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] faces, little elf faces running around that look good on their faces. I'm not saying exactly do that. I'm saying think of markets that are underserved that no one's actually making products for. If you're making a skincare product, you could go and find very odd ailments that people are suffering for and make a formulation just around that. If you're dropshipping products, you could find specific products that only fit a very tiny part of the market and then do that. So, for example, if you make a skin cream that targets bumps on a nose that a specific race or gender gets in a high degree and you run ads just for that. So, like, are you a woman that has bumps on your nose? This is this exact race and you have this type skin type and you get these bumps on your nose. This skin cream solves exactly that. Now, are you going to be able to scale this product to the moon? No. Absolutely not. The amount of women that have those bumps on a nose that fit that exact criteria, they're going to be very rare. However, if you're just running $100, $200 a day in ads or a very small amount of advertising just for that tiny little part of the market, you are going to dominate it and get all of it. Finally, let's look at an example in software. I'll give you two examples. So, there's this one app out there called Cold Turkey, which is really good for blocking just general all use or any distracting stuff you have on your computer. But what you could do is if you want to get a part of that market and get some of cold turkeys market, you could make like a Chrome extension that blocks or specifically focuses on one type of app or one type of computer use and you could run ads for that. You could market that. That would find everybody that cold turkey is not serving that doesn't perfectly cover that one huge distraction they have a problem with and knock that out. Same thing again. I'll give you another example right here. When I was making one of my first email softwares, it was called Market Hero. And the business eventually failed because I didn't understand this concept. When I made the software, we tried to make an email autoresponder for every single type of business online. Because of that, we didn't succeed. Whereas there was two softwares that started similarly in the time. One was ConvertKit and one was Clavio. Convert FitKit made email marketing only for bloggers. It was just simply for bloggers and content creators. That's the only market they focused on. They were able to then go and dominate that market because they only focused on that. Clavio launched and they only focused on Shopify. That was it. It was like if you didn't have a Shopify store, you couldn't use Clavio. Because of that, they were able to make their setup and every part of the product perfect for Shopify owners. They were able to take that entire part of the market. And if you actually go and look at email autoresponders now, it's even shunked down even further. There's not only autoresponders that are focused on Shopify, but they're niched down to focusing specifically on skincare or clothing, etc., etc. You see this process happening over and over again. There used to be just one giant autoresponder, Mailchimp, and they eventually segmented out and people use this strategy to get their parts to market because Mailchimp making hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars per year. Someone else said, "Well, I'm I'm cool just making millions of dollars a year, tens of millions per year." And they niche down. And that's why this is so powerful because it allows you to break into niches and get insanely high conversion rates because you are the perfect solution to a product. By the way, if you're thinking about selling AI agents, you should check out Hyrosair in the future at my company, Hyros. You literally slap it on a Shopify store. You slap it on a dentist office. It goes and generates some sales and calls passively. And you can sell this to businesses all day if you're looking for something to sell. Just Google Hyris, go look at air. There's nothing for you to buy right now. But it it's it's sick and dag nasty for the businesses that put on their website. So now that we're armed with this understanding, what I'm going to encourage you to do is just go find a business model that appeals to you. I don't care if it's e-commerce. I don't care if it's agency work doing stuff for businesses. I don't care if it's selling AI agents to businesses, which I think is a really good model right now for beginners. It's not going to make you stupid rich. Everybody's doing it. But this is how you beat everybody at it. It's not about the business model. It's about understanding this taking the beach analogy. You can go and build software. I think one of the best things beginners can actually do is learn how to code. Don't just learn the Vibe code. Learn how to actually write and use code, make Chrome extensions, whatever. It's not hard. You can learn how to be a competent developer if you really put your butt into it in like 60 days. I know people are going to roll their eyes, but I literally was able to develop a video game from scratch, zero, without vibe coding. This is back when you actually used to have to code with about 45 days of coding experience. Granted, I was in front of a computer like eight hours a day learning, but you can do it. You're not going to be the world's greatest developer, but you can make software. I think that's the best one because then you have two things that people don't want to do, which is a market that's all yours and the ability to code, which most people don't want to do. Usually, you have to hire a developer. And then once you combine that with vibe coding, you're a very powerful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at that point. You can produce apps for free using this exact strategy right here. Regardless of what you're doing, go and seek a business model that strikes your fancy. Now, my preferred suggestions to you would be that developer idea I just gave you, or selling services to businesses, whether it's building AI agents or running their ads, doing SEO for them, making their websites, whatever. Especially with AI right now, it allows you to do a lot of things very quickly and kind of be on the cutting edge of generating speed for businesses and whatnot. The point is just go do something. I wouldn't necessarily suggest e-commerce out the gate. A lot of people tell you to do e-commerce. I would not because it usually takes investment or a little bit of risk or like a lot of different business skills all in one all together. It can get a little bit hairy when you're dealing with the logistics of moving items around. I'm not saying people haven't done that and made a lot of money as beginners. I'm just saying it's something you should consider. Now, how do we go and make money from this? So, what we're going to want to do is exactly what I did and what everybody else does when they start their business. Use free methods. So, what are free methods? They're free, first off, and they're not going to make you rich because they're manual. They're kind of hard to do. But because you're niche down, you can absolutely slay this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, what are the free methods? There's of course YouTube and social media. Now, are you trying to become the world's biggest influencer? No. But if you focus down in a very tiny specific niche and just put videos out for that, it doesn't matter if your view videos are getting a hundred views a video. If they're 100 views from dentists who are organic dentists on a video on how to grow your organic dentist office, you're going to get a few customers. And look, if you're charging a,000 bucks a month, 500 bucks a month, whatever for your AI agent services or whatever you're doing for businesses or your little extension at your marketing, whatever, it doesn't take a lot of customers to get to $10,000 a month. It just doesn't. And once you're at $10,000 a month, then you can start getting aggressive and doing all sorts of other stuff. So, you want to use social media, Twitter, LinkedIn, whatever you want to do. Look at where your customers are hanging out at, make content there and get good at making content. But I don't want to make content. Well, then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. Don't do it. If you don't want to use free methods that require you to break out a little of your comfort zone, like, which is bare minimum posting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the internet, then just just don't do it. It's fine. You're not going to make it here. Just enjoy this video for the jokes and the yucks. The other one that I think is the best is just cold calling and cold messaging businesses. Now, this doesn't work if you're selling something that is being sold all over the place everywhere. For example, there's so many people that sell and run ads for local businesses. It's insane. But if you've been selling how to make Google ads or whatever to local businesses back when it first opened, everybody said yes to it because no one was doing it. This is why I think making AI agents or apps for businesses, custom apps, like every business one to one, like, "Hey, I can make you this app that does this specific thing." I think that is absolutely gravy. Now, again, you're not going to get 100% close rate. You're probably going to get something very low and you're going to suck at it first and it's going to be weird, but you're going to learn how to sell and you're going to have something that's unique to sell. And because your product is perfect for them, the fact that you are bad at selling won't matter that much. If you are selling to something that everybody else is selling, for example, if you see other people selling info courses or masterminds on YouTube, I'm not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them. I'm just going to tell you they have a very tough tough time doing that because millions and zillions of people are also doing as well. Everybody has a course. Everybody has a mastermind they want to sell you. It's hard to sell that when everybody else has that. Supply and demand is completely lopsided. So, you're going to have a hard time making money for it. If you sell something that has absolutely no supply compared to the demand, you're going to do very well. Now, my preferred route, and nobody's going to want to do this, is just help people for free. This sounds goofy, doesn't it? I know it does. But if you call up a local business and you call up a business and offer to do whatever you're doing or build the app or whatever for free, what you're going to get is results. Okay? So, for example, when I first started my tracking company way back when, hyros, and I wanted to grow the company, what I did is I didn't go and try and sell it right away. What I did is I just found businesses that had this pain. They were specifically people selling uh call funnels, info businesses, e-commerce stores. And I said, "Hey, how's the tracking with your ads? It's pretty bad, right? Because Facebook and Google don't track both." They said, "Yes." And I said, "Okay, we'll fix this for you for free. And if if it works and it makes you more money, then you can pay for it after." They said, "Sure." And what I focused on with these businesses was getting results. And if you look at some of our pages right here, we just have endless endless results. You look at our Twitter, we just have literally endless people posting how much more their ads are making, how much better their business are performing using higher ads because if you slap it on there and you use the tracking over other businesses, you're going to see 15 to 20% more money from your ads, period. And all I focus on was getting customers in for free at first, getting those results, and then using those testimonials to get our next customers. Then once we had tons of testimonials, that's when we went and started using it with celebrities and big brands and big software companies, and the rest is history right there. That is why I'm saying, "Hey, go do it for free." Because then when you go to that organic dentist, once you've done it for two to three of them and it worked, you can say, "Hey, I got I know you guys probably get these messages all the time. I can show you three other dentists that I did this for that are now making extra money, getting more calls, and allowed them to get five to six more clients per month to their business and I can prove we can do it. Here's the testimonials. Here's the results right here. Here's my X page. Here's our actual page." And that's the best way to go and start a business. You do it manually at first. Most people will not turn down something free. Same exact thing when we launched our AR remarketing at Hyros that brings customers back to people's sites and closes them and recognized anonymous visitors. What I did at first is I went to our customer base. I went to people I knew would benefit from this. I said, "Hey, look, if we put this on your site, it's going to bring people back to it. You don't pay for it, it will make you 3 to 5% more. If you like it, you can pay for it after." And then all I did was the same exact thing. I went and collected a ton of testimonials and now we're putting this on very famous people's sites, tons of Shopify stores and we're growing it based on the results and customers results and customer satisfaction. In fact, you can go try it for free on our website. You don't even have to pay for it. If it doesn't make you money, don't pay for it. But the thing I'm trying to get to right here is yes, I did talk my own books a little bit, but what I'm actually pointing out right here is I'm using the same exact method right here. When I got started and built Hyros, I originally designed the tracking for info businesses and expand the call focus businesses and e-commerce businesses. Right now with Hyros Air, I'm primarily focused on Shopify stores because it's the easiest setup and we can do it in one click. I'm taking the beach the same exact way I described to you in my own businesses which I've scaled to valuations in the hundreds of millions. And I use that to get customers first, offer them something for free they can't turn down that matches their demand and is perfect for them. get that result and then advertise that result to other people. And then you can use this YouTube method. You can use this cold calling method right here. You can use going on LinkedIn and forums and where all your customers interact at. You can use that right there. But now you're armed with case studies and results for customers that have a real problem that you have the perfect solution for. Not just like a onesizefits-all solution, the absolute custommade solution for them that's going to make them say yes to you in higher degrees than you could ever imagine. And if you're offering it for free at first, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're going to take it from you. And this is how you build a business that gets you from 0 to 10k a month, 0 to 50k a month, zero to 100,000 a month, zero to a million a month. It's so damn hard to go make a business that everybody else is building and sell a problem that is already solved to businesses that have endless amounts of supply of people wanting to solve that problem. You go and find the customer or the business that has a very specific problem, whether it's exactly very specific down to who they are as a person or what the business does. Laser specific like the subniche, the subnix, the subniche of a business model. And you make something perfect for them. You're going to convert them very highly because it's perfect for them and no one else is offering what you're selling. That's the key to being good at sales. It's not being able to go and make some sales pitch or be clever on the phone. It's having something that no one else [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] has. I don't care if you're a bumbling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who smells like farts. If you have a product that solves someone's problem and no one else can solve that problem, you win. Default over. You offer it for free. You get the case studies. You get the results. Then you go to the people who are your perfect customer. You offer them the perfect solution, but then you also back it up with endless results. You're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fly and you're going to get to that first income and be able to scale from there. And then you can start building your business and expanding. You can go and take other beaches. You start small, span up. Or you can just go and say, "Okay, I made this for organic dentist. Now I'm going to make this for all sorts of surgical dentists and then all dentists and you go from there. This is how you start from a small business to a big business. This is how you start really any business in the best possible way." And that's the video. Now, if you like videos like this and you want the actual business tactics I use, I have a special course I want to I'm just kidding. I have nothing to sell you. I want to give you all my old course I used to make on my business tactics, ad buying strategies, sales methods, all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to give it to you free. It's like $20,000 worth of courses that I used to sell. I don't do that anymore. It's been like half a decade. But if you want those courses, I give them to all my subscribers once a month in our community tab. But you cannot see these posts unless you're subscribed. So click subscribe. You'll see that post probably later this month. And then click it fast because I take it down and only my subscribers can see it. So subscribe and uh I'll catch you next video. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: Wanna get rich? ONLY make these 2 businesses
VIDEO ID: zOyhcOuvxUg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOyhcOuvxUg
================================================================================

Highlevel business video alert. Oh my god. High level. Very advanced. Look, if you want to get rich, you should only be building one of two different types of businesses. Number one question I always get asked, always get asked, Alex, what type of business should I build or what should I be doing with my business? And it's because people are stuck in this like weird transgender herfrotype business type where they aren't really sure what their business is or what they want to do with it. They're trying to do one thing, then they're trying to do another thing. They don't know what type of business to start and they're trying to do two different things at once, which results in some very awkward situations, similar to a dude taking a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the girl's room. Is it legal? Yes, in some states. Is it a good experience for anyone involved? No, not really. It just leads to a lot of confusion, which I am here to clear up today. Because like I said, if you want to make a lot of money, whether you are a beginner or a person that's experienced in business, you need to be building one of these two different businesses. And they should not intersect with each other. They should not cross. or you are in for a bad time and I'm going to clear that up in this video. In fact, I'm going to trick you. I'm going to manipulate you. Prepare yourself. Clean your mental rectum because I'm about to butt [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your mind. See, I hate making YouTube content. I really don't enjoy it. There's a reason why the effort I'm willing to put into these videos tops out at me flipping on this webcam and talking at this desk. I will not do the higheffort stuff you see all over YouTube. You see Iman Gaboozle out there filming himself in cars. You see all these young gun influencers filming themselves, doing days in the life, meeting celebrities, doing podcasts, doing these interviews, going out there, making these crazy content of them traveling around the world. I will not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. I will not leave my house. More so, I will not leave this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room when it comes to making content. This is the peak because I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate it. And do you want to know why? It's because over my career, I built a net worth of over $200 million building SAS and tech companies, doing some pretty advanced business stuff. I like the highle stuff like building cultures, building brands, building new tech. That excites me. And you know what? No one wants to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. No one wants to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk about that. If I make a video on how to build a nine-figure SAS company step by step by perfecting your customer onboarding, lowering churn, increasing your MR, building a good team culture, no one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] watches it because you guys suck. But if I make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video on the three coolest ways to get rich fast by flipping copy and paste AI agents to businesses or how to get rich in a year without talent and without investing money, man, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] climb all over. You were just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at like a monkey on a football. So, in order to talk about things that I really want to talk about, I have to make these little coloring book like videos that trick you into learning advanced highle business lessons, which I'm going to trick you into learning today. What I'm going to teach you today, yes, will actually help you make money quick, very quickly, actually, because your business is going to be 10 times more efficient because you're building the right [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] business if you're a beginner or this is going to take your business to the next level because you stopped doing beginner [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your advanced businesses. And well, you're going to learn something that's going to make you money. Woo! Lightning fast. Woo! Very sexy. Very kinky kind of quick money coming in. You're going to love it. Real here in my garage kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But what this is actually going to do is impart a business lesson onto you that if you get in the business and actually stick to it, which like one out of 5,000 people watching this channel will actually do, it is going to make you so much more money throughout your lifetime and clear up so much confusion. So, let's begin. No more jokes, no more ddling around. I won't even talk about butt [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you anymore. We're just going to get straight to the quality content here. So, what are these two businesses that you need to build? Now, look, we're going to hop over to the whiteboard. I'm going to draw terrible drawings that are terribly unexistive with this video. They're not helpful, but they help me out. We'll be over there in a second. But I need to tell you what these two businesses are. So, you're probably thinking, "Okay, well, what type of business model is it? Like opening a Shopify store or flipping AI agents and dentists?" No, it's nothing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. It's two different types of businesses and business focuses. See, the reason why people are really bad at building businesses at first, at high levels, and even at low levels, is they don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're trying to do. Are they trying to make money? Are they trying to make billions of dollars? Are they trying to build the next big tech SAS company? Are they trying to build a long-term business? Are they trying to build a short-term business? They don't really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. They just want to make money. And making money is a really weird thing because the best ways to make money is sometimes not making money. It's not pursuing making money. It's just pursuing different things I'm going to cover in this video. But sometimes the best way to make money is not pursuing long-term things. It's being very short-term and it's being very short-term cash flow focused. It depends on what your goals are and what you want to do and what stage of business you are and how long you're willing to wait and the type of life that you're wanting to have. Now, trust me, we're going to get very defined here. I'm going to define exactly what you need to be doing. But what I'm trying to say here is you need to be either focusing on building straight up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cash flow businesses or you need to be straight up building long-term brands focused on customer retention. You shouldn't really be doing both of them. It's like over here you have a cow, over here you have a monkey. If you make the monkey [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the cow, you're going to end up with terrible results. The monkeys need to stick with the monkeys. The cows need to stick with the cows. They don't need to be intermingling. The second they do, everything gets really, really weird. So, let me explain. As I pull up our lowquality, loweffort whiteboard of truth and justice. Yes, like I said before, we're sticking to that loweffort, no effects, straight up used condom, tampon levels of content. That's what you guys came for. That's what I'm deliver. You're going to need to take a shower after this. So, what are these two different types of business models? Now, bear with me. You're going to have to give me 10 minutes here. If you want to go on to making lots of money, enough to pay for your entire life, or go on to make so much money that your friends go, "Wow, he's really rich." You're going to you're going to have to let me elaborate here. You're going to have to put everything away, not click on the Taylor Swift video, not be on Twitter for five minutes. If you can do that, maybe you have a future. If you can't, you're going to be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] failure anyways. So, you might as well leave and go watch whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing you're going to watch on YouTube. Anyways, so look, what do I mean when people are confused about the type of business they want to build? because that's what I get asked all the time. It's always what business do I build or should I go and do this next thing with my business? How do I get to the next level? And so you have to understand that there is cash flow businesses which in short are going to be short-term focused businesses where your goal is to make money now to pay for your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or pay for your lifestyle, whatever you want to do. But these businesses have severe cons. Now on the other side, there is long-term brands focused on customer retention. I'm just going to put CR right here. I'm not writing all that out for you. Now, these are also extremely good, but the focus on these is building something that grows over time and grows in value as an asset and over time consistently grows whether you are there or not eventually and can last decades and scales to very high levels. But these type of businesses also have massive cons that are the flip side of these businesses right here. And the problem is people try to build a business that's a little bit of this and they try to build a little bit of this right here or they trying to turn even worse one of these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into one of these and it doesn't work and so they get stuck at these various levels or they end up getting wrecked early on because they're trying to build these two things at the same time instead of understanding what they're trying to do. So when people ask me what type of business should I build the first thing you have to ask yourself is what are you trying to do in your life right now? What are your actual goals? What are you trying to do? What's what's the point of this business? So, let me give you an example. So, I'm on a stream the other day answering customer questions and I have this guy with an agency that's making $100,000 a month at like a 60 70% profit margin. And so, he asked me like, "Hey, Alex, so I have this business with these numbers. What should I do to get to the next level? How do I get to 500,000 a month? How do I get to a million dollars per month?" And because agencies are hard to scale, should I pivot to a SAS business? Should I pivot to an e-commerce business to get to these levels? And so these are all different complex questions right here and you have to turn around and ask the person what are you trying to do? Are you trying to make 60 70,000 a month in profit? Are you trying to make 300,000 a month in profit that you take home while your business does 500,000 a month? Or are you trying to build a long-term brand that can scale to a$100 million $200 million valuation? And this is where the person starts to get really confused. Do you want to go build a SAS business? Or do you want to go build a Shopify business or an e-commerce business that scales to the moon? Or do you want to make money right now? Can you wait two years to make money? Can you wait five years to make money in income? Do you want to scale very fast and build a business that's very very very extremely valuable? Or do you want to make money as you scale up? These are all different conflicting things because what happens in business is the more you focus on immediate cash flow, the less you're going to get a long-term brand that grows and scales and can grow quickly. So, a really obvious example of this is when people are running ads, one of the reasons why people get stuck all the time when they're running ads is they start ads and they they create a cash flow business and let's say they get to 100K a month pretty quickly, okay? And they're at like a 3x profit margin, but then what happens is they start scaling their ads, they get to 200k a month, and the profit margin gets down to 2x, okay, or maybe 1.5x. And they're suddenly like, well, this isn't this isn't worth it. I'm I got to 200k a month, but I'm making way less profit margin and what do I do? I'm getting stuck. And then they maybe get to like 250k a month and it's just breaking even or losing a bit of money. They're at like 08 and they're like, "Well, Alex, this weird thing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happening in my ads. It's they're not making money anymore. So, how do I go and keep the profit margins when I was at 100K a month but make a million dollars a month?" And my answer to them most of the time is you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can't. You you can't do it. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. Go home. And they're very confused by this. Like, what? There isn't some secret in the ad uh platforms that I can use to make free money and print money on command. And the answer is no. See what happens at this point right here and the reason why most people get stuck as they're trying to scale up their ads is because when you get into bigger markets or you need to get more customers in, you start getting into a mass market. Now, you need to understand in this mass market, you're no longer operating this little minnow pool where there's little uh plankton that you're competing with and basically you're running a very unoptimized, unscalable business, but it's very profitable because it's unscalable and unoptimized and nobody's trying to actually make that money. You have to understand a business that's doing $100 million per year isn't interested in your million-doll per year market that you're working in right there. It's not big enough for them to give any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right there. So, you're not competing with them. But when you start getting to $3 million, $5 million per year, you suddenly start breaking into these bigger oceans where there's giant sharks while swimming around. I'd actually compare them more. They're very patient whales. And the way they make money is let's say they're spending a million dollars a month on ads and they'll only make in some cases like a h 100,000 back on that million they spend. You're like how how do they make money? It's because on that 100,000 back over the course of two years they're going to make two to three million back. Or if they're really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] smart over the course of years they're only going to make 1 million back. And you're probably confused like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why is this person only caring about making 1 million back? Because what they're doing right here is different than what you're doing. See, what they're doing is they're playing this very patient game. One of the easiest ways to win in business is to be extremely extremely extremely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] patient. A really good example of this is going to be if you've watched Alex Hermosy's info brand and compare it to other people's info brands. No one has ever sold $106 million in product in a day. No one has ever taken their SLinfo brand to I I'm not going to talk about their numbers they're doing, but they're doing phenomenal. No one's ever done that before. The reason why is because everybody running Tai Lopez personal brand like businesses went for cash flow. They didn't build a long-term customer retention brand like Alex did. If you notice, he made content for years before selling anything. Like you couldn't buy anything from other than a $1 book for years. So all the effort, all the money that Alex invested into it didn't come back to him until years later. Now to put it in another perspective right here, most SAS companies that you're dealing with, most big companies, most e-commerce brands, their objective is not making cash flow. It is growth. For example, if you see Gym Shark, I think they did like a billion dollars in revenue and made like $10 million profit or something like that in one year. Now, you're probably thinking, well, Gym Shark sounds like a terrible [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] business. No, it's because the thing they're focusing on is growth. Gym Shark is probably valued at billions of dollars or I don't I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. I don't know their exact numbers. I'm using as example right here. If you're going out there and you're running your little e-commerce store and you're trying to make a 3x profit upfront on your ads and then you're competing in the same ad space in the same market as Gym Shark who's trying to make no money on their ads, they're fine with like a 01% profit margin. Who is going to be able to spend more on ads? Who's going to be able to spend more to get a customer? Who's going to have the better customer experience? Because all their money is going into the customer experience, ads, and growth of their business. all your money is going back into your pocket. You won't be able to compete. You you you just simply can't. That's the dumbest, most [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing I've ever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heard. How are you supposed to have if there's two restaurants on the street and both businesses are making $100,000 a month? Which business is going to be better? the one restaurant that is pocketing $90,000 a month is the or the business that is taking that $90,000 a month that the other business is profiting and putting it back into their business and then building a stave five McDonald's jungle gym play pen and getting in a five-star Michelin chef from France in the back. Who's going to have the better business? It's going to be restaurant number two. They're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all over it. They're going to pull down their pants and give a midnight Chipotle Arby's rager all over the other business. So you have to keep this in mind right here because this is what most people don't understand. They say, "How do I get to the next level? How do I build a Gym Shark? How do I build an Alex Hamozy like brand? How do I go and build a ClickFunnels? How do I go and build a Hyros? How do I go and build a Slack?" Well, you have to set your goals. And you have to understand that sometimes going and building one of these brands, that restaurant I talked about that is making a h 100,000 a month and reinvesting a h 100,000 a month or even worse what what actually happens is you're competing with restaurants that make $100,000 a month. They go and spend that $100,000 a month back on the business and then they go and raise another million dollar based on that and then they invest that million dollar back in the business. You just will not compete with them. But here is the point right here because you're probably thinking, "Oh, okay, cool. So Alex is just saying I don't get to make money ever and I just have to like not make money and and sacrifice for 10 years straight. No, what I'm saying is understand your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] priorities. If you want to make 100 $200,000 month profit, you need to build a very very different business than a business that's trying to scale to a $100 million valuation. If you come out the gates and you're trying to make a hundred $200,000 a month profit very quickly, the chance of you building a $100 million valuation business is essentially zero. It's not going to happen because you don't have the the same oomph behind your business as the businesses that are. So, for example, I have one of the larger tracking and analytics companies in this space, Hyros. It gets really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] results for the customers. We have literally customer support agents onetoone when people come on that chase you around, make sure you get success. The amount of effort and money we've invested to make sure when you sign up for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing that you get to the point where you get a result is ridiculous. The amount we've invested in the product is ridiculous. This is why I see all these tracking companies pop up all the time. They claim to be able to compete with Hyros and they just can't because there's one thing they're really messing up here is they're trying to make money. They're like, "Okay, we're going to operate at a 50% profit margin. We're trying to scale our SAS company to compete with Hyros." No, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll run [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ads and I'll wait three years to make my money back. Dude, if I can throw a million dollars at ads and make $3 million back over three years, that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great. That's a better investment I can ever get investing in anything. And I'll do that. So, your little tracking company where you're not investing anything back in your customer results and success and everything just it's just not going to do it, buddy. It's not going to work out. And so, you can see these businesses that go and try to compete with mine, they can't by default because they don't understand the type of business that they're trying to create. Which then all circles back to the point I'm trying to make here. When people ask me what type of business they want to build or what they should do in their business, you have to ask yourself what type of business do you want to build? And these are the things you need to focus on based on your priorities. Look, if you want to make 100 200k a month, 50k a month right now, that's fine. You shouldn't feel guilty about that. It's completely fine to just want to make a lot of money and and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off or just focus on that right now. In fact, if you're just starting off in business, focusing on cash flow businesses probably is the better thing to do because you don't have any money. And so that limits your ability to invest in your businesses. And also, if you're building a long-term focused business, say you're building something like a Gym Shark, say you're building something like a Hyro, say you're building something like a hell, a Pudgy Penguins, a Tinder, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're you're trying to build. Say you're building a long-term business right now, you really don't want to go and take massive investments and put in massive investments in something when you have no experience in business whatsoever. So, let's talk about cash flow first. If you're building a cash flow type business, what do you want? You need a business where you're able to sell something at extremely high profit margins. So, here's the the nuts and bolts of it. If you're trying to sell something at high profit margins, you're not going to be able to do that much R&amp;D. So, you're not going to have a unique product. In order to create a very, very unique product, you're going to need to invest a lot of time, research, and everything that goes into it and do a lot of special things and investment from upfront. So, you're not going to have a lot of R&amp;D into it. You're not going to be able to benefit from a unique product. you're probably going to have a very easy to reproduce product. So, for example, if you look at a lot of small e-commerce businesses, they sell shirts, they sell supplements, they sell things that are very easy to create that are very similar to everything else out there. Because when you sell things that are similar to everything else out there, it means that they're easy to reproduce. The way to reproduce them has been made. There are tools and everything exists that makes it easy to do, which allows you to have high profit margins. If you look at most cash flow businesses, the best examples are agencies or people reselling AI agents to businesses. people selling freelance work or design. Drop shipping was very popular in e-commerce, but the profit margins of that are so small these days. I don't really I don't I don't know how that's doing. But small level e-commerce businesses where they're selling products that are very similar to other products or businesses out there. These are based on really clever but also very easy to reproduce and copy business model. This is why course seller businesses are so popular with the lower level entrepreneurs. I'm not saying gurus and people on YouTube selling courses are low-level entrepreneurs in a negative way. I'm saying if your business is in these areas, you're not dealing with a wellbit built well ststructured business. The second you stop making content, the second you stop pumping out courses, you you you lose all your money. That's not a good business. And a lot of the times if you look at course businesses, you look at these e-commerce businesses, you look at these agencies, they become very hard to scale because they don't keep customers. There's two reasons for this. One, the product isn't unique. There's a thousand other people competing with them. And so, it's reproduced very easily. That means when you get to scale, it becomes hard because then you start dealing with people in that big shark category that are willing to invest tons of money that you're not willing to invest back in the business because you're making something that's so easy to reproduce and cash flow focused. They also don't keep customers. One, because the product's not unique. You have to have a unique edge to keep customers. To have a unique edge, you usually have to invest back in your business and your brand. And in two, because of the structure of the business, you really can't get that good of customer results. Because to get phenomenal customer results, you have to do something special that other people can't do. So, what does this all mean? I'm sure if you're watching me say this right now, I seems like I'm talking down to people that build businesses like this. No, you just have to understand this is not the way you want to go. You want to go and make something that's easy to reproduce and fast and able to make money with that. So, examples of this are agency businesses, courses, low-level e-commerce, very low-level SAS, like the Vibe coding where you go and make a Vibe coding app and then you sell it to local businesses. Are these apps going to go and be the next $100 million, $200 billion zillion dollar SAS company? No, not at all. Are they capable of generating 30 40K a month at like a 90% profit margin? 100%. The problem with those businesses again is once you start getting to 100 200k a month, they're going to get replicated if they're profitable enough. Once you get into a business niche where it's able to generate enough revenue, that's when big dogs start coming in and they start [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, what you want to do is if you want to be a cash flow [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is you want to focus on building little cash flow businesses that make 30 50k a month and you want to master these little niches right there. This is why you see in low-level e-commerce instead of having one giant brand, e-commerce people usually have like 10 different stores that are all very cash flow focused. It's because you can't scale these type of businesses, which is fine. So if you want to get to the next level and you're focused on cash flow, you want to have lots of littleler businesses or you want to replicate a very clever model that doesn't scale but makes its money based on being clever. So making a little vibe coding app, no, it's not going to scale because you're focusing on a little clever thing that generates 30 50k a month, but you can make a lot of them or you can reproduce them very quickly or you can make them without effort and cash flow them. And so that's what you want to focus on. If you're cash flow focused, do not focus on building a long-term brand. Don't focus on making the next billion dollar thing. Don't focus on scaling your company to the moon. Focus on the cash flow and then focus on slowly scaling that up with the margins that you have. But understand those margins are going to get tighter the longer the business exists and the more you try to scale it up. This is fine. This is the model that you're in. Now, my suggestion to you is then use this cash flow to build one of these. And then once you build one of these, do not confuse this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing with this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing. Okay? Here's why. So, for example, at Hyros, I'm building our next product, Hyros Air, right now. It's an AI agent. You can slap it on a Shopify store. It increases sales by two, three, uh, sometimes seven, 10%. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. It's actually incredible. I'm not here to pump Hyros Air to you. I'm here to describe the launching of new product and how I'm doing it. So, I could easily put Hyros Air out there, run ads, and get this business to a million a month super duper incredibly quickly at a pretty damn high profit margin. But here's the thing. the business would be short-term and it would suck ass because we haven't taken the time to perfect and master the product and then what's going to happen if I do that someone else will go replicate the product very very quickly and then do it at no profit margin and go snuff it out because they will have the better product instead what I am doing at Hyros Air right now is we are slowly launching it getting customers in and I'm making sure we have a funnel right here that makes it so when the customer comes in for free they get all the way to the point where they get a result and become a customer for life and I want to see this happen with near 90% consistency. So when Dropbox originally started, uh you remember Dropbox, you probably used it back in the 2010s, about 5% of the people that joined Dropbox actually ended up using Dropbox and sticking with the product. If you remember back then, it was one of the most viral sticky products of all time. So that might be surprising to you. What did Dropbox do? They didn't make any money for literally forever. Like forever, they didn't make any money at all because of that 5% thing right there. And they kept raising money and working on the product, raising money, working the product, building the brand. And eventually they got their success rate to 90%. And then they started scaling the product and then they started scaling it it out. And as soon as they made money doing that, they took all that money, reinvested it, and then raised [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money at a huge valuation. So they basically not only kept not making money, they didn't raise money and then used all that money while still not making money to grow the pro the product. And so what did they focus on? Instead of making money in the business, what they focused on was getting first the product absolutely perfect. You can't do this if you're trying to build a cash flow business. You can't just sit and work on the product and have people come into your funnels and analyze every tiny little thing they do and perfect it and then push the product. You don't have time to do that. That you also don't have time as you're doing this to reinvest every dollar you make back into the product and then use that as a as a an example to go back and raise money. Now, I don't have to raise money for my businesses because I've built a lot of profitable businesses and I've had a lot of money to invest. That's the benefit I have from originally being good at making cash flow businesses. I made all sorts of little micro SASes. I sold courses. I had SEO outsourcing services, basically an agency, but it was an automated agency. I did all those things. None of those businesses could really scale past 100K a month, but I had like five or six of them all pumping out 50 to 100,000 a month. That's where a lot of the cash flow came from and originally started Hyro. So, I did this thing right here and I focused on this thing and then I built the long-term brand hyros. But you don't have the luxury of doing this thing that that Dropbox did right here. But you have to think on yourself. A lot of people they go and build companies that are SAS company like how do I get to the next level? Well, here's how Dropbox got to the next level. They spent so much time making sure every customer that came in the door with almost 100% ratio came through, got the product, went all the way through the product. This took them a year, two years to get perfect. Got to the product and then got to that result which was very good. And in every dollar that came from that result they did, they reinvested in making the product and scaling it larger. That resulted in a company that at this point is worth eight billion dollars. So the person that did this made a lot more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money than the person that made this. But if you're a person that is trying to generate cash flow, you're not going to be able to do that. And so people ask me how well how do I get to the next level of my SAS business or to think I'm going to do this? I say you're going to need to take time and make sure every single customer that comes in gets a result. Every single customer is happy. And that's going to take a lot of time of not launching the product. For example, if I took high-risisk air right now and sent it out to my entire email list, I let in everybody I knew. I ran ads. I was pumping it on this YouTube channel. I was talking about it blowing up this. It would be like every other SAS business you ever see these uh influencers launch online. Have you ever noticed that any of like the gurus on YouTube, they launch SAS and software companies and none of them ever go anywhere? It's because they overload them with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of customers to cash flow them very quickly and then 90% of the customers do not stay. The only way your brand and you're going to become a billionaire or 100 millionaire or 50 millionaire or whatever you get to these points is you have to get customers in and they have to stay for a really long [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time and they have to continue to buy from you for a very longing time. What does this take? Making a product that's unique and has a huge edge, huge amounts of R&amp;D behind it, really special people working at your company. a brand that people love interacting with and a very optimized, very high effort process that you put years into of getting the customer to buy the first product, use the product, and then stay forever. This takes a very long time and it's not very profitable up front, but it builds massive assets that grow. And so, the thing I focus on when I'm making money is a this first. If I were to get 10,000 customers in the hire tomorrow, but 90% 70% of them didn't get to the end result, guess what? The business is a failure. It doesn't work. There's no point in me even making a single dollar or keeping a single dollar there if I'm trying to become a billionaire, which is what I'm trying to do with my businesses. And the way I'm trying to become a billionaire is not by taking money out of this pot right here and stacking it up like a little goblin. I'm trying to build an asset similar to Dropbox that is worth a billion dollars. The process of doing that is very different than going and making cash flow here. So again, when people ask me, how do I take my SAS or agency to the next level? You got to focus on growing the asset. This means not cash flowing it. A lot of people don't want to do that. They don't want to go and spend $100 on ads and then make their money back two years later. They don't want to run a business that runs at zero profit margin. And so what they try to do is they try to turn their agency or their e-commerce store into a long-term brand while still cash flowing it. And it's like we talked about early in the video. We have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cow over here [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a monkey and you end up with this weird hybrid mun thing that doesn't keep customers but also doesn't make maximum amounts of money. And so this is where people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You need to ask yourself in your business where you're at right now. Where do you want to go? Do you want to be worth $100, $200 million? Great. You need to be doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over here. You need to stop trying to cash flow like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] child and realize you don't get paid like an NBA player. You're a entrepreneur. You grow assets. You don't grow income streams. That's silly. Yes, there are people out there that do that and have cash flow profitable businesses. And there's examples like this out there. For example, Only Fans or Tether or uh Pump.f fun. Absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. These are weird examples and you really have to go and build something very quickly that nobody else sees and it blows up. Can you do that? Yeah, sure you can. Sure you can. But it the the massive value of Only Fans also comes from its massive valuation as well. Um so you got to keep that in mind. And the way to consistently go out there and build huge things is to just do this. And if you look at really smart entrepreneurs like any of them out there, any of the huge tech entrepreneurs, any of the big tech founders, the ones that have billiond dollar valuations, they never made any income at all during the entire time. But what they did is they grew their asset value. And trust me, when your asset value is 100, $200 million. All you need if you ever need money is you just borrow money against it. It's not a problem for Mark Buck Zuckerberg to go and borrow 50, $100 million to buy a yacht and then slowly pay it off at low rates from the little profit that the business makes. That's how they work and that's how you need to focus on building. So ask yourself, what do you want to do? If you want to cash flow, focus on cash flow. Keep building a little micro businesses. Keep building more kind of short-term businesses. Understand he's not going to have and you shouldn't be focusing on these things over here. Or if you want to reach the high levels, you need to focus on building a business like this. And this is how you go and make a lot of money. You don't want to cross the wires between these things. And this is why this question I get all the time, what should I do with my business? How do I get to the next level? is weird because you have people trying to build a monkey and a cow at the same time and creating this mutant hybrid thing that doesn't cash flow which is their objective at the time but also doesn't grow as a long-term brand either. Do one or the other one at a time or focus on one business that cash flows that funds the other business. This is the way to properly grow and this is going to make everything way easier for you because you're not trying to do two conflicting things at the same time and it's going to make you a lot more successful. So that's the video. If you want actual videos on business lessons, running ads, sales, uh, strategies, and how I actually grow my businesses, I release all the courses that I used to make on copywriting, ads, everything. It's like $20,000 worth of courses. I give that away for free in my community tab only to subscribers. You will only see the post if you subscribe. I post it once a month. I keep it up for a day. I take it down. If you want to see that, you need to be subscribed below. Also, you can see the food I'm eating and pictures of of me doing things on Instagram at uh 4 a.m. Becker. You should follow me there because it's sweet. And uh here's some other videos on how to build your business. For example, there's a video on this channel from getting to zero to 100K a year, 100K a year to a million a year, and a million to 10 million per year. They're all on this channel. It's all for free because uh I'm already rich. I don't need to sell you any courses. So, all right. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: Injecting This Daily Made Me A 200 IQ God
VIDEO ID: YC9_Sga5F2M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC9_Sga5F2M
================================================================================

Give me that stack. Tell me about that stack, bro. I need to know your stack. Over the past decade online, I've built a net worth north of $200 million. And the number one question people ask me is not, Alex, how'd you build your businesses? What's your business strategy? Tell me about hiring or something like that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Number one question is, give me back that stack, bro. That stack, bro. What stack are you putting in your body? Yes. The number one question is my biohacking routine. What is the supplements I'm taking? What is the peptide and injection stack I'm taking? What am I putting in my body to achieve the IQ and wisdom of the turtle from Kung Fu Panda? But the mental acuity of Plankton from Spongebob Squarepants. And in this video, I'm just going to give you the answer. Just roids. Just straight TRT. Just put in a needle, put it in your body, inject it in your I'm just kidding. My stack actually involves zero steroids, which you wouldn't be able to tell by these. That said, in this video, I'm going to give you my full biohacking stack. And this is a special stack because I'm actually the original Brian Johnson. Yes. Before he ever got inside a hyperaric chamber or learned about red light therapy. I've been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] since I was like 25 for 10 years. And in this time frame, I don't think I'm quite as optimized as uh good old BJ. But I have achieved a peptide stack, a biohacking routine, a diet, a skincare routine that has given me some pretty damn good results. My net worth is also extremely high. But I've also maintained a six-pack since I was about 27. I am 37 now, closer to 38. I am able to wake up at 2 am every single day and keep focus, energy, motivation, all that kind of stuff. I'm able to do jujitsu five times a week as an old man, which I'm not doing right now, but I've done it before and been just fine. It's allowed me to not age like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and keep decent skin despite being an absolute wild weekend drunk most of my life. I should look like a potato that's been left out in the sun by now. But I do not because I got the biohacking routine. I got the the stuck that's going to get you the results. And what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to give you my entire day, mostly focused on the biohacking and the stuff I'm injecting and putting in my body to maintain as close as possible peak mental fitness, keep my body good, give myself energy, and not be dragged down by being old and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And in my opinion, this has helped me a lot in business because I have a clear mind. I have a ton of energy, a lot of motivation, and uh you know, those things are pretty good if you're trying to make money because if you feel like soggy ass, it's it's more difficult to make money. That's the lesson for the day. If you inject your eyeballs with steroids, it's easier to make money than uh being a soggy old piece of ass. So, let's begin. So, in a second, I'm going to give you my entire vitamin stack, my entire daily routine, how I do everything. I just want to give you my two cents on this whole morning routine, biohacking health thing, because everybody has wide ranging stuff. Brian Johnson is going to tell you to spend six hours a day taking care of your body. Alexi, my buddy, is going to tell you just wake up, pound some coffee, take some nicotine, walk over to your computer, get to work. Where is the in between? Where is the benefit? Who's correct here? So, look, if you're a person who's looking to completely optimize who you are, I'm going to tell you how to do it in this video because it's been a massive focus of mine since I was 25. It's been like my side hobby. I've been doing this for a long time. It's very important to me that I wake up and I'm primed 247. Because of that, I can give you an accurate two cents on this. Look, at the end of the day, the thing that's going to get you the most results is what Alex Heroszi is saying. Get to your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] computer, take some coffee, pound some nicotine, get to work. That being said, it is also very important to me to age well and to feel good most of the time and not feel like soggy ass when I'm working. In my opinion, I have pretty weak mental willpower. If I feel a little bit off, I'm not going to be at my peak and I'm a giant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So that's just not going to correlate to my business very well. And I think there's a lot more aspects to life than just doing well in business. I think there's also how you feel. And I think there's living for a long time. And one of my goals is to live to 120 150 plus. I think we're going to see 300 year lifetimes in our lifespan. But that's a whole other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] subject. And so when it comes down to your morning routine and the things you do every single day, can you get absolutely soul crushing amazing results doing absolutely nothing? Yes. I think waking up and having a routine that makes you feel good and keeps your body in peak prime, it makes everything a lot easier, though. It's not going to unlock the moon and the stars for you, and frankly, you should get the first part right. But nailing the basis of what I'm going to tell you here will allow you to feel so much better and work so much better, put on muscle so much better, and stay prime despite having some really bad vices. For example, I've been a mega caffeine addict and a wild drunk most of my life. So, I've been able to overcome a lot of nasty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I've done, including having a terrible diet by completely overriding it with some of the biohacking nonsense I'm going to show you in this video. I don't really do that stuff anymore. But imagine being able to pick up chicks while covered in your own feces. That's that's basically what I've able to get away with, while able to get the result, but have your cake, too. And I don't know if having your cake means covering yourself in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like a gorilla, but let's get into this. Here's where we go. So, look, I'm going to start off from the entire day. And yes, for the people that did come for the thumbnail and the clicky clicky injection stuff, I do inject a lot of stuff in my body. I take like 10 injections a day, it's kind of weird, but it's highly effective. So, we'll get into that, but I want to break down the entire day to you because so much goes into optimizing your brain and everything beyond just injecting roids directly into your ass. So, here's how we start the day. Every single day, I'm going to get up at 2 a.m. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to hop and take a cold shower. If you've watched a two-hour hubman video on it, you know that cold showers are very productive. You don't actually need to watch a two-hour [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video to know that if you hop in a cold shower, it will wake you up and get you get you a little bit pumped up for the day. That that's the lesson right there. No Hooverman video needed. Just get in aing cold shower. It will wake you up. It gets all your dopamine and everything flowing. It's a hard thing to initially start your day. It's great. Take a cold shower. You don't need to take the Wimhof method and do three hours of research to understand that getting in cold water is going to help boost you at the start of the day. Then immediately what I'm going to do is hop into my skincare routine. Now I know you're going to sit there and be like, [laughter] "What a beta cookie has a skincare routine." Yes, you will look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by the time you're 40 if you do not do take care of your skin. If you get on videos, you try to pick up hot babes. You need to take care of your skin. I'm sorry. It's not going to go well. I'm not saying I have the best skin on earth, but I don't have any big wrinkles or any big crazy stuff on my face despite being a raging drunk. And trust me, I have a lot of friends that did all the same stuff I did. They It's not going well. Okay, so look, I know it's a little gay. I know it's a little feminine. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. You don't want to look like a rugged potato next to your babe of a wife when you make tons of money. Okay, so skin routine is very simple. It's going to be stac out over the next 30 minutes or so so it all absorbs. I would not advise going and getting in the skincare routines and everything first off right now if you suck at everything else. It's not that important. But you want to put toner on after cleansing. Then you put some polish choice on. This is going to close up your pores and everything after you've cleansed and everything from the night before, which is a whole other skincare routine. Then you're going to put a vitamin C serum on. It's going to heal a lot of I'm not going to break down everything is walking right here. This is works. I've done lots of research on it. You can take it or leave it. Put on a vitamin C serum. Then you put on some good eye cream, some good moisturizer. Then you put on sunscreen. This is going to stop your skin from turning into a moldy potato as you age and overcome all sorts of bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you've probably done. So do it. I will put all the products in my upcoming supplement list. I'm going to release on here in our community tab. You have to be subscribed if you want to see the post though. So, you should go below and subscribe right now. You're not going to see that when I post in the community tab later this week. It will be in my entire list of supplements and everything right there. That's the order of what you want to do in the morning for skincare. You don't need expensive skincare. Now, this takes about 5 to 10 minutes. It's not like we have a 2-hour morning routine. But immediately after I do that, what I'm going to do is I'm going to do a quick 3 minute to five minute HIT workout. This just gets the blood pumping, gets the adrenaline going, gets the dopamine, wakes up your body. Again, we can go into all the scientific Herman workout research scientific. This improves your dopamine receptor. No, dude. Getting on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] treadmill and sprinting for 3 minutes wakes you the up in the morning. It's useful. The end. Next, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a giant mega dose of creatine because it just helps with being alert and awake. It's going to give you a lot of uh energy. Taking 10 grams, 15 grams of stuff. It works really well and frankly I don't sleep that great. This is going to be a biohacking video where I'm like, "Hey, I only sleep like five, six hours a night. Sue me." So, it also helps with a little bit of energy in that regard. So, then immediately what I'm going to do is going to hop into the injections. I'm going to inject NAD+. This is a really good anti-ager. Helps with energy. I'm going to inject some B12 three times a week. A full red little syringe of it. Straight into the thigh. Helps with energy and energy levels. A peptide that I will take is tzamorin. This is going to be something that helps boost your growth hormone things really good for anti-aging and whatnot. Now, people are going to be wondering, Alex, are you on TRT or whatnot? I don't think TRT is really the question right here. I will be transparent with you. When I'm doing jiujitsu and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] five times a week, this is something that a 37 38 year old man should not be doing. When I was doing that in the past, yes, I'd be on TRT because frankly, and you need every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advantage you can get. Okay, but my point right here is that you should be getting your testosterone levels around 800 to 900, 1,000 if you want to be extra saucy. It doesn't matter how you do this. If you're being healthy, look, if you are super healthy, you're doing everything right, you're sleeping, and your testosterone levels are at five, you probably need to get on TRT. If not, you testosterone levels will probably get up there. I've known plenty of people, including myself, who've gone to 800, 900 without being on TRT. If you're a young man and you're getting on TRT, that's just goofy. Okay? Like, try sleeping and not living on chili hot Cheetos for a week, maybe you'll see some good results there. I don't think if you're under 30, you should be considering TRT. I don't think if you're under 35, you should be considering TRT. Those are the situations in which I'm going to take it, which is when I'm trying to have a midlife crisis and pursue an athletic career and adult bathrobe ground croy. Uh, that's that's when I'm going to be taking it. So, that's the context of that. on GH boosters like tessimorin and peptides. I don't really think you need those unless you're really trying to again do something beyond your age, which is getting super duper fit as you're older. These things are fine. I don't think they're super required. They're neat. They're not going to be something that's going to drive you to the next level of anything. It does give you a bit more energy. You do put on muscle a little bit better. They're useful, but it's not super required. It's also expensive, so it's like the last thing you need to be buying. Then at this point, I'm going to hop in front of a red light therapy machine for 10 minutes. These are pretty common. helpful with skin, helpful of energy, all sorts of benefits and hoopla. Everybody that biohacks does it. You should probably do it, too. So, then that wraps up the morning hoopla of what we're going to do. The next thing I'm immediately going to do is I'm going to pound about 400 milligrams of caffeine via coffee. And about three times a week, I'm going to take a little 2 milligram dose of nicotine from gum. And I'm usually going to take those before I shoot videos because it helps with creativity and letting the the words flow off your tongue. Before I shot this video, I took some nicotine. For all the people that always accuse me of doing cocaine before doing videos, no, I would never do that. I just do nicotine instead. It's It's way better than cocaine. Way way clearer, way better energy boost. So, I'm going to do some nicotine. I know a lot of people do nicotine every single day before work. I don't want that cuz the last thing I want is another addiction in my life. I'm already addicted to coffee. I already like drinking a little bit too much. I avoid alcohol these days, but trust me, I still thoroughly enjoy going to the bar and d and pounding 10 oldfashions. It's it's a great time. I don't do that anymore, but trust me, the desire is there. The last thing I want is another one of those little pickles in my life in the form of nicotine. I don't want that monkey on my back. So, I keep it very sparingly with that. Now, the very important part of all this is you shouldn't eat in the morning. If you want to eat in the morning and you don't like this advice, go do it. I know other people are like, "Well, I got to have my eggs or my little biscuit." All right, fine. go eat your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] biscuit. But when you eat, your digestion takes away energy from the rest of your body and that's going to slow you down. So if you on all sorts of uppers like I am, you're not going to be very hungry. So you should just not eat. You're going to be much faster, much more efficient. So at this point in time from about it depends when I get up. Whether it's 1:00 a.m., 2 am, it just depends when I get up. I'm going to work for about three or four hours. This is going to be my silent focused work for the day. I can get lots of the creative work content done, designing hyros, the product. I do all the product design for that. A lot of the copywriting, web design, stuff that I can do on my own that requires creative thinking, running of ads, and setting up stuff like that. That's what I'm going to get all that done in the first three to four hours. I truly believe if you sit down and don't talk to buddy and you just work in those three to four hours without any distractions, you're going to get more done than most people get done in a week in those three to four hours. And you could literally almost pull off working three to four hours a day if you just nail that time period. I'm trying to become a billionaire, so I have to work a little bit more than that. But I'm pretty confident I could keep up my income right now and stay where I'm at right now, just working three to four hours a day tops. That being said, that's my thoughts on that. Now, after that 3 to four hours, what I'm then going to do is I'm going to go hit the gym and lift. I got my own gym in my place, and I just go in there and lift about three to four times per week. I used to do a full body workout every single day. Um, it depends how aggressive you want to be with your workout routine. I think you get really good results three to four times per week. About four times per week doing a full body workout four times per week. I'm not here to give fitness [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advice. I'm not the world's greatest muscle builder fitness dude. I have managed to keep a six-pack and stay Tyler Duran Fight Club ripped for almost a decade now. That's my goal. I'm not trying to get giant jacked gym bro. I'm trying to look like Tyler Deran from Fight Club. That's that's basically my goal. And I've achieved that for almost a decade. And that's the kind of routine that I've used to get there. while mixing that with fasting and some smart forms of dieting that I'll I'll talk about here in a second. Now, if I'm not lifting, I'm probably going to go on uh I'm going to hop on the treadmill and walk for 30 to 45 minutes while watching a podcast or something like that. Uh get that walking. That helps with the calories and helps when you eat throughout the rest of the day to uh make it so it's not that easy to overeat and put on weight because I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pig and I like to eat a lot of food. So, I'm not even getting into the diet right now. That's a whole other that's a whole other thing. So, at that point, one thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go and then I'm going to eat and I'm going to watch CEO interviews, podcasts, stuff like that. That's the best way I learn. I primarily watch interviews from SAS and tech founders. I don't watch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcasts talking about the purpose of life and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. I like going and looking at things that I'm doing in my work that apply to my tech company and I look at other tech company founders and what they did when they're in a similar spot. That's why I like to learn and I so I do that for about an hour at this point while cooking and eating. I know a lot of people are like, "Don't cook your food and whatnot and whatever." Yeah, you probably shouldn't, but I find if I'm watching these things while cooking and eating, uh, that gets it done. Then what I do is I take a nap, probably one hour to two hours. This is how I get a total of about six hours of sleep per day. I kind of break up the sleeping into two parts, kind of two shifts of the day. One thing that I do that I don't currently do, because I don't have it installed in my house, it's being installed right now. I had it at my old place, is I would go and take my nap in a hyperaric chamber. It's going to be an hour and a half to two hour nap. I just go sleep in there. If you've seen Brian Johnson's results in there, it's probably the best anti-aging, best slowing of aging, best overall health thing you can do. And so I do that every single day. I'm just going to eat. It makes me a little bit sleepy. Go sleep in the chamber for an hour to two hours. Get that two hours of sleep. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to wake back up and go to the second part of the day. I'm going to drink some more coffee and I'm going to get back to work and do my second 3 to four hour work shift. Just focused work and get it done. I've already kind of digested all the food. I got some more coffee in me. There we go. Then at this point, I'm gonna do my second workout of the day. I'm going to go run for about 30 to 40 minutes. Zone two cardio. Nothing too crazy. I'm not trying to overwhelm my body because then you're going to sleep bad and you're going to be tired all the time. If you're working out twice a day, you don't want to be doing two like excessive workouts per day. When I was doing lifting and also doing jiu-jitsu every single day, I had to be on TRT and like Tesmorlin and keeping everything refined and I was just zonked the entire time. That's overtraining. You're not going to do well. You're going to be not sleeping. your cortisol levels are going to be off the charts. So, you just want to do some light running. And I do that, burn some calories, get the heart rate, basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Then, I'm going to hop into the sauna at about 180 and I'm going to do that for about 20 minutes. Just sweat out all the gunk, get fresh, take another cold shower, go do all my kind of cleanup work and light work for the rest of the day. That's going to be talking to people. That's going to be doing anything that's not been done for the day. That's going to be planning the next day. Then I'm going to go eat again. And that's what I'm going to take my giant 8000 pill supplement stack right there. So look, instead of breaking every single one of these down, I'm just going to put the list on the screen right now. Uh my my overall supplement stack is pretty much a combination of Brian Jinson and Simland. That's pretty much it. There's a few things I've thrown in there, but you can pretty much go and my advice when it comes to supplement stacks instead of telling you and walking you through every single one on here. I will be giving a link directly to this file here in about a week. I'm just editing and updating it and I'll post it in the community tab. You you have to be a subscriber. You won't see this post, but I'll post in the community tab here a little bit later this week. You can go there. You can just look at the file and copy it if you want. My best advice for supplement stacks is this. Start with Simland's essential vitamins list. He has just has a he has a big old PDF file. You can go to hising site and it will just give you all the essentials right here. He's really good at supplements and picking the best ones. That's the overunder of what's just going to get you the results you're looking for when it comes to supplements. Then if you want to start going and adding to that, what you should not do until you've mastered that little supplement list right there is then you can kind of go branch out into Brian Johnson's list. He's really good at actual resultbased supplement taking. There is other people out there who are buyer hackers that have their supplement list or whatever. My logic is when you've gotten the Simland list down and you've gotten the Brian Johnson list down, you pretty much are putting enough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your body to to heal a horse and make it live to be a thousand years old. You do you really need anything else other than that? You're good. You're all right. You're you're getting there. And so I'm probably taking I don't even know how many pills are not every single day. It's a lot, but you know, I find it kind of fun. So that's what I do. So, at this point, the day's sort of pretty much done. What I'm going to do is I'm going to meditate. I'm going to then probably hang out with my wife for three to four hours. Just do really nothing with her. Uh, that's that's just hang out. It's nice. I don't know if that's biohacking, but you should enjoy hanging out with your wife. That's a default you should look for in your relationship. Then, I'm going to take my nighttime stack, which is basically going to be magnesium glycine. There's all sorts of other stuff you can throw in there for sleep. I just don't find it works very well. Then I'm going to do the nighttime skin routine, which is basically just short of washing your face, putting on toner again, using retinol, and then reapplying moisturizer. There's all sorts of other cool little gizmo things you can do, but that's going to get you 90% of the oomph. Then I'm going to throw on some red light glasses, red light blockers or blue light glass blockers, you know, the things that everybody wears before they go to bed. Put those on, watch some TV, hang out. I know you shouldn't watch TV be before bed, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I like it. And that is the whole entire routine. That is everything I do in a day to keep my mind where it is. That's my entire schedule and everything I do. Cool. All right. So, yeah, that's everything I do. If you want that supplement list, it's on the screen in the middle of this video. You can just go copy it from there. I will leave a link to that and all the skincare products and everything. They will not be affiliate links cuz like I'm not even go through the process of collecting all those pennies from the affiliate links. You just honest recommendations. Most of the stuff I use is extremely affordable stuff because it just works better than the expensive stuff. I'll link to that, but you need to be subscribed or you will not see it in my community post tab, which you can get to by going to the homepage of my channel and then you should see a communities tab. You click over there, that's where the links will be at. But you need to be subscribed because I said it's the only subscribers see that post because if you're not subscribed, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I don't like you. So, um, that's the video. Have a good day.

================================================================================
TITLE: If I wanted to be rich fast, I'd build this EXACT business in 2025
VIDEO ID: wlsiPNRT3Ic
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlsiPNRT3Ic
================================================================================

So, across all my tech companies, I built a net worth north of $200 million. Woohoo! Cool. But if you actually look at it, it's kind of embarrassing because I did it all the wrong way, especially in my first decade. I built the wrong businesses. I made it way harder than it should have been. And if I known what I'm going to show you in this video, I'd be worth so much more so much sooner, and I would have made my hundreds of millions in my 20s instead of my later 30s. In fact, once I started applying what I showed you in this business, it wasn't like my net worth gradually went up across my career. It mostly just exploded the last three, four years because I finally stopped being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot and built my businesses the right way. So, the number one thing I always get asked on our live streams, which you should subscribe to this channel for, you should come attend those. They're really cool. I answer any questions you have about business. But the number one question I always get asked is, "What type of business should I build?" And this is the right question, but going about it in a stupid way. Let me explain. You think it comes down to like the business model you pick. There's a bunch of business models you can pick. SAS, e-commerce, consulting, agencies, whatever the kids on YouTube are telling you to build these days. And this is all wrong. What you want to pursue is it doesn't matter what the business model is. The business needs to have these pillars. It needs to have these legs. It needs to be built around these four principles. And if you have these four things, it is going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And not only will it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, but it will ship money easily. You won't have to struggle to sell it. You won't have to struggle for it to grow. It will grow on autopilot. The only thing you will have to worry about is your business is growing so fast that you get so many copycats and you have to then be better than the copycats to regain your title or keep your title as the,000 lb gorilla in the room. This is so brutally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] effective that I will no longer even attempt to build a business without these pillars. I won't do it. Like, I just absolutely won't. I'm going to sit down and make sure the business has these things and I'm going to build the business around these things until it has these things. And if it doesn't have these things, I will not move forward. So whether you're a beginner or whether you have an existing business right now, you should apply these things because they will make it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And not only will it sh money, but this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of money will be easy. Let's begin. So look, my little pattern, here's why these four things are important. And then we're going to get straight into them. So look, when you have these four things, it's going to make selling in your business extremely easy. It's going to make caping your customers very easy and it's going to make your customers getting you more customers very very very easy. When you have these things together, what's going to happen is you have like a little snowball in your business and then it's going to start sliding down hills. And if you've ever experienced snowballs, you know that as they go downhill, they get bigger and bigger and bigger and they pick up speed to the point where they're moving so fast that you don't have to worry about the snowball going downhill. The way most people build businesses is they take those little like spiky balls, you know, in Super Mario that that land on you and make make Super Mario die. Those things. Yeah. So, they like are attached to the ground and every inch you push them downhill, they keep attached to the ground. So, you have to keep the effort up the entire way through. And so, you're pushing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing that as you move downhill, it doesn't get easier to push downhill. We want something that gets moving so fast you can barely keep up with it. And these four principles are the things that get you there. So, first things first, the first principle you need to focus on if you want your business to grow explosively is the customer result. But it needs to not only just be a customer result. I know you're rolling your eyes like, "Oh, the the product has to actually work." No, it has to be more than that. The result has to be so good that the customer throws a tantrum if you turn off the product for just a minute. Let me explain. So you might notice a few days ago where AWS went offline and everybody lost their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind on X and everything because all their businesses went offline for like an hour or two or something like that. That is the example of what we want to happen with our product. If you're able to turn your product off for 1 to two hours and your customer support line isn't full of people screaming and going nuts, the result isn't good enough. Now I know what you're thinking. Do we want to piss off our customers to the point that they're extremely angry all the time at us? No, that's not the point I'm trying to make right here. The point I'm trying to make is your product has to be so good that people notice it the second it's absent. If you run a business right now and I go and turn off your Slack channel, you're going to be hitting up Slack within the hour if it's not back. If I go and turn off your Zapier account that manages all the connections with your APIs and something in your business goes down, you're going to be freaking out. If Stripe, your business processor, out hanging up their support and your business could potentially be ruined. Now, I'm just listing software examples because this is the business industry that I'm in. This is something I think about a whole lot. So, I have endless amounts of software examples, but I want you to think about examples in your life where if the product goes down, you are just absolutely livid. So, for example, in my life, I have a Pelaton membership and I used those workout classes every single day of the treadmill. If that goes offline, it went offline for like 2 hours the other day. I was really pissed off and it ruined my entire day. I've had similar experiences with like, for example, my Netflix account or specific workout supplements or peptides that I take. If you've ever noticed when like World of Warcraft goes down and people start flaming World of Warcraft and Blizzard, same example right there. What you need to think about though when it comes to your product is, is the result so damn good that people freak out when they no longer have access to it? If you do not have this in your e-commerce product, your consulting, your agency, you do not have a good product, you do not have something that's going to make you a lot of money for this one reason. Also, these tactics right here are going to make your business grow explosively. But having good sales and marketing is very cool, too. Which is why you should subscribe to this channel because I used to release a ton of courses on sales marketing. I can sell basically pickles to a person that's allergic to pickles. And while I don't think you should use these as the cornerstone in your business, I think you should use these things. If you're able to sell very well, if you're able to run ads very well, you're able to make sales copy and sell on the phone very well, it's going to be also very easy to make a lot of money for your business. And I will tell you how. Give you this whole $20,000 worth of businesses. But you have to subscribe. And then once a month in my community tab, I post a link to all these courses. You can get them for free, but you will not see this link unless you're subscribed. So, subscribe. Also, the channel doesn't totally suck. So, you should definitely subscribe for that as well. All right, let's get back to it. People don't want to pay for anything. They don't want to. They don't want to continue paying for anything. They don't want extra products. They want less products. And so, what happens if your product does not achieve this with a person, they'll eventually just stop paying for it whenever it's convenient. So, for example, if you look at a lot of e-commerce companies or or athletic apparel companies or supplement companies where you can't really pin down the exact result, what happens was when people's credit cards decline or they just get a little bit lazy and don't want to go fill out that form to order another product, they just stop paying for it and nothing happens to them. You can't build a big explosive business without this type of result. And so, for example, I'm going to give you examples in my business is when we built Hyros originally, we attached the people's ad tracking. If you put our tracking on people's ads, they make 15 to 20% more because they're not flying blind with their ads anymore. And hyrosus becomes so so essential to people's businesses that when their ad tracking in their Hyru extension or the reporting is out, which we try ultimately never to do, but there's a few times when it does go out, we have endless people smashing our support instantly because they can't run their ads without us. That's the type of result that you need to have in your product because it comes down to this one last thing. If you don't have this result, people will not continue to buy more of your product and spend and come back to it, whether it's a reoccurring subscription or just buying more for years. And if you don't have that, it becomes very difficult to build a business because every single sale you get eventually dies and you have to get another one. Think about this for one second. If you had a business where you are charging $200 a month, not cheap, but not expensive either by any standards and services. Now imagine every customer you have stays for 10 years. In order for your business to get to $72,000 per year, you really just need to get 30 customers. And if they never ever ever leave, you have a $6,000 per month business, a $72,000 per year cash stream. Now, at 0% churn, you're going to get probably a 10x right here. So, you instantly have a business worth $720,000 on paper. Now, think how hard it would actually be to get 30 customers at $200 per month. It really wouldn't be that hard. You could actually just manually message people on Facebook and show them your product if you had a product to get a result like that. So, there's a lot of people that are building AI agents and similar right now that are able to actually do this. Now, imagine if you just continue this and you added five clients a month just manually messaging people via Instagram or whatever. Just five clients per month. Every single month you add another 12,000 to this and another $100,000 in potential valuation. If you just continue this for an entire year, you're going to have a business that's worth multiple millions of dollars without much effort because people never leave. And so this is why instead of going out there and trying to build all sorts of different businesses and stuff like that, you instead just focus on the result and making a result that is so good that the customer freaks out the second it's turned off. You don't want to intentionally do that. But if again customers are not blowing up your customer support, not going insane on X when your product is offline, not messaging you, texting you, you don't have a product. So instead of going and doing anything else, focus on getting to this first. Now the next principle that you have to understand that's going to make this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money is you have to understand too the ease of the result. So I want you to think about if you've ever used Tinder. Now I know a lot of you guys watching this channel about 5'2 and you don't get a lot of swipes, right? And you have more chance of becoming the president of the United States than touching a woman. But bear with me. Just think about this for a second. If you ever downloaded Tinder or Uber, how easy was it to get the initial result or initial experience? You download Tinder. You maybe get a few matches right away or you start using it. You get the point of the product. You download Uber. You don't have to go through any tutorial. You just press a button and suddenly there's a car at your house. This is an example of what you want your product experience to be like. Why? Because if you look at most products out there, let's look at software companies or agencies or anything of the sort. What usually happens is only about 30% of people that buy the product end up actually getting to the result. You could have the best product on planet earth, but the result is quite difficult and a lot of products to get to. So I'll give you two examples actually at my businesses. So the initial version of Hyros the tracking company, we got the results. If you put Hyros on your ads, you will make 15 to 20% more. We literally guarantee it. Like it's it's guaranteed. The issue is the technical setup on tracking on a lot of businesses is actually quite technical. And so this requires people to spend maybe 20 minutes of their time setting up Hyros. That's actually a bold ask if you've ever thought about procs. For example, I got an eightle mattress and I was doing the setup for that and the only thing that stopped me from throwing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mattress out the window was the fact that I spent $8,000 for it and I'm like I I I want my bed to be cold. It was it was terrible. I almost didn't use the product before that. And I can guarantee with eight sleep or products like that a significant amount of people 50% or more probably don't end up using the product just through the setup process because it's difficult to get that result. Now I'm going to give you an example of where we lost at hyros. So, for example, if you look at one of our competitors at the time, they're not really in tracking anymore, but the time they were, Triple Whale, they decided to go and make tracking very similar to us, but they only did it for Shopify stores. Now, at Hyris, right now, you can actually press a button and you'll be able to plug a Shopify store in in 10 seconds. But our focus was on all the different businesses that are out there. Triv Mill made their only focus Shopify store. And because of that, a person was able to come in, connect their Shopify store, and instantly start tracking within seconds. They got to the result and they got a a dashboard full of interesting data within seconds. That was the only difference between their business and ours. Their business grew explosively. Now, Hyris is a very big multi-figure business. But Triple exploded exploded due to this. It's the same thing due to Clavio as well with their autoresponder that connects to Shopify stores. They were able to get to the result that's very good. Actually, I believe their tracking is inferior to higher. So, their result was inferior, but they got people to this result faster than us. Therefore, they won in that part of the market. And so everything I focus on now when I build businesses, for example, if you look at our new product at Hyros Air, people can slap it on a Shopify store, they can slap it on their site, increases their revenue by 3 to 5%. I'm not here to pitch you these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things. When your businesses start making money or whatever, and you're interested, come and check it out. But that's not the point of this video. The point of this video is with Air, every ounce of what I've done is focusing on the person pressing a button and reducing the setup down to seconds where they don't have to think. They don't have to do anything. and they don't have to set up the AI agents. They don't have to do anything. Why? Because I know that the result isn't enough. The result has to be easy. Because if you have 100 people come into your business, but only 10 of them stick around, which is like most businesses, because they it took so long for them to get to result, well, you're losing 90% of your business, and it's going to be hard to grow the business. If you grow a business and you get a 100 people in the door and 95% of them get to that result and 95% of them get to that result that's so good that they will freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if it's turned off, you're going to have a business that grows like a wildfire. So, not only should you focus on that result right away, but you need to focus on making that result as easy as possible or reducing your business to only the customers that can get that result and then making it like a kitty bounce pad bowling alley. You ever seen where the kids throw the bowling ball down the the alley and they can't mess it up? That's what you have to do. And not only that, you have to make the bowling ball get there like that. If you can do that like Uber did with their app, like Triple Whale did with their analytics solution, like Slack does, for example, have you ever used Slack before? You you sign in, you don't pay anything, and you eventually start getting that result very quickly. That's what you need to focus on with your business. Number three, how do you bill people? The hardest thing in all of business is the point where they put their card down and they see that bill come in every single month. So, every single month at Hyros, we have like a giant Stripe bill. It's like tens and tens and tens of thousands. Actually, like 40, 50. I don't even know. It's ridiculous. I don't like looking at the stripe bill. But the way Stripe bills is every single time a transaction comes in, let's say we get a $1,000 transaction, they're going to take $30 of that. We never actually even see them bill us. It just happens in a phantom way. It's painless. And so, how bills is based on value, and they don't bill you until they've delivered the value. Now, if you look at most agencies and you look at most products that are sold, the person has to exchange an immense amount of value before they ever get that result. And every time they get build, it's an event. So, I want you to think about every single time you go to the grocery store, it's an event. You feel pain as your build. Every single time you pay an agency for a service, every single time you pay for an expensive software like Salesforce or heck, even for example like Hyros, one of our biggest problems and the problems with the original version of Hyros is how it builds cuz it's a lot of money build all at once. It's a big old event. This leads to people turning. This leads to people quitting. This leads to people eventually sometimes feeling so much pain they don't continue paying or they don't join the software in the first place. Whereas if you look at Stripe, they don't bill you anything when you set up. They don't do anything. If you look at Unity or Unreal Engine, they don't bill you anything. You just start using it and then blah blah blah and then you start making money and then they start billing you in very subtle ways on every single transaction. You actually never feel pain. Look at businesses like Unis swap or Coinbase or Pumpfun in crypto. So for example, Pumpfun in crypto is an amazing example. They have made over a billion dollars in cash the last year. A billion dollars in cash. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cash. Not revenue, whatever. Just cash. Cash in the door. How do they do this? Well, all the the meme traders out there, people are able to launch a coin, they're able to then trade it on the platform. And Pumpfund collects a sub 1% fee of every transaction on there. So many people use it, they never notice. And so people are out there and they have racked up bills or amount of money they've given the pump. Fun, they they've transacted $10,000 in the platform and ended up paying them $100,200, $300. So every single user that comes on Pump. Fun ends up paying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money to use Pump. fund, but they never feel it because the value is attached to every single bill. Every single time they do a $100 transaction, they pay $1. They don't know it's the $1, they know it's the $99 they're able to trade. What then happens is so for it's it's kind of funny if you look at crypto, billions and billions and billions and trillions of volume have been spent on pump the fund and suddenly everyone in crypto knows like, hey, these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made a billion dollars off of us and what have they given back to the industry. Now, that's just the crypto overall behavior and how they view it. I this is a very common business model. pump that did anything wrong. It's just that people noticed, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where did all of our money go?" And they never felt any pain the entire way through. If you look at Coinbase, you'll go and trade a million dollar per year on Coinbase and you'll never even notice you've been build until you look at the fact that you have over $20,000 in billing from the year to Coinbase and you're like, "How the hell did this happen?" Now, look, the point I'm trying to make here is not that you should like suddenly phantom steal your customers money. That's not what these businesses are doing. The point I'm trying to make here is you should attach value to your billing. So a really good example of this is Intercom. If you look at their new billing structure for Finn, they charge 99 per every customer support ticket that they solve. On average, a business spends $28 to solve a support ticket. So, when you start seeing that bill coming in for intercom, every single time you see that Finn has solved the customer support ticket, you see that 99 cents build, you also note you save $28. So, they do this and this makes it incredibly easy for them to build because your billing is attached to value. You never spend until you get value. And the paying threshold of every single billing point is very tiny. You do this right here. This is the same billing process that Zapier has, the same billing process Stripe has, the same billing process that unis swap, which allows you to exchange carryings in crypto. Uh the same billing process of Coinbase, Binance, Pump.fund, this is how they all run and people never notice the billing coming in. And these are the most profitable [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] businesses you've ever seen because the billing event is so painless. So if you're going to design anything, attach your billing to the result itself. Let's say you're selling AI agents to businesses. Attach the billing upon them actually getting sales. So, if they make a $100 sale, don't build them $1,000 upfront. Just build them 1% 2% 3% of every sale you generate. That's how you want to bill. And then bill in those very small increments that stack up over time. And then if you can bill every single time it happens, not at the very big end of it. So, it's some big billing event. This is a very psychological game right here that has nothing to really do about the product and result in the customer experience. But this has everything to do with the billing experience, which is the most painful part of buying a product. You do this right here. People are going to spend so much money at your business effortlessly with glee. This is the best way to focus on billing in the entire world. And if you can get this into your business, you're going to make so much money. So an example how we've done this at Hyros, if you look at air, our new AI agent, you put it on your website, you're going to make about 3 to 5% more from your business, guaranteed. And the way that we bill is you only pay for air when it creates sales for you. And you're paying a very small percentage of every single sale that comes in. And so you're never a point where you get build by air without getting a result. You plug it in for free, you use it for free. When it goes and makes you $1,000, okay, then you spend and pay $50 for air and very tiny increments. So you actually never are build without seeing insane immense value first. Not every business model works with this billing structure right here. It it just doesn't. But if you get back to the point of the video that I made at the beginning, I want to build every single business I make around these principles because it makes it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easy. I'm not saying you have to do these things to build a successful business. I'm saying if you want a business that grows like gang busters, you want to focus on building a business around these things, which is what I focused on differently from the high main product that we have tracking, which is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phenomenal, but is a big upfront billing pain. And it's difficult to get the result if you're not a Shopify store because you have to plug in all sorts of technical stuff. If you're a Shopify store or e-commerce store, you press a button and you plug in, your ads are making 15 20% more, which is something we focus on last year. But again, you need to focus on this right here when you're structuring your business, which is why any business I build in the future has this type of billing structure. It doesn't have the original billing structure I had with hires, which is big, painful, and eventful. Finally, distribution. So, I'm Mr. Marketing. I built an entire business around running paid ads. In fact, most all my original businesses come from running paid ads and using my personal brand to grow the businesses. My personal brand didn't so much grow Hyros, but it grew definitely my info businesses. And I got away from my personal brand being connected to my business's growth because it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks when you have to be a dancing monkey to grow your businesses. But we're getting off topic here. The point is you need to build in a distribution engine. So what is this? So this means your customers sell your product for you. I want you to go back and look at how Zapier became a billion-dollar company. You never saw an ad for Zapier anywhere. You never saw them running specials or having Kos promoting them or influencers promoting them. It just literally grew like crazy one day. And here's exactly how it grew. So, if you don't know what Zapier is, Zapier basically makes API connections between all the products that you use online. And this was revolutionary back in the day. It's still extremely useful today. But, so, for example, what they do is they would connect your ClickFunnels to your uh email system. And so you could have your email system talk to your ClickFunnels and tag people or run automations synced by that. And they bill you based on every single automation in a very painless, effortless way like number three that I just talked about. The thing is what Zapier then did is they made these little pages on their site for each business they connected to. So you had a ClickFunnels page, you had a Mailchimp page, you had a Stripe page. And what would happen is all these businesses saw that it unlocked so much potential for their customers and so they promoted their pages to all their customers because they couldn't go and build all these integrations. For example, ClickFunnels to connect to all the different types of businesses that their customers wanted to connect to would take millions and millions and millions and months and months of dev. Instead, they just said, "Hey, go build it on Zapier." They built a connection on Zapier and then they promoted Zapier. And then what happened is millions and millions and millions of people signed up for Zapier, made these connections, signed up for the billing process without Zapier ever having to run a single ad. Do you see how that works? Look at Only Fans in its distribution mode. Have you ever seen an ad for Only Fans? It is the most profitable business per employee on planet Earth. For every single employee they have, they make more money than Nvidia does per employee on average. So for example, if a Nvidia makes $2 million per year on average for every employee they have, Only Fans makes like $10 million per year per employee. How do they do this? the distribution model. Not only is the billing very subtle, it's little pin pricks, but they also have hot babes distributing it all over the internet because it makes them money. So, you need to find some way to attach distribution into your software. The final example I'll give you is go high level. They built a a ClickFunnels, but it was specifically for agencies and they built like a crazy crazy referral system into that so that agencies sold go highle to their clients. They made go high level white label so you could go and take the software, make it look like it was your software, sell it to your clients. They didn't also have the agencies sell this to all the other agencies. And so what resulted in is go highle actually be ended up becoming bigger than clickfunnels because they built this distribution engine with mine into it. The final example I'll give you is school. If you ever seen school, you've never seen an ad for school before except until Alexi started promoting it. Before Alexi started promoting school and became a partner at school, Sam basically built the business to be worth, I don't know, $300, $400 million. And the reason why it was worth that is because every customer that joined referred three to four other customers. If you've seen school, it's very similar to Only Fans in the model, which is how essentially you build a business on there. You send your customers to it and then also those customers go and join other businesses. So you have massive incentive to be on the school platform. So what happens is businesses end up promoting school. The people that join school as students end up promoting school and then other businesses join school because there's massive incentive due to the network. It results in this flywheel, that snowball that I talked about that makes everything go downhill. We're currently building this at Hyros Air right now because we're going to allow agencies to basically make the AI agents to print money for businesses at Air. We're allowing them to then white label those agents and then sell them on their own on their own billing structures to businesses and distribute the product for us. This is how you want to think about your business. And so when you're going and building your businesses, those are the four things you need. A or one, a result that's so good that the customer loses their mind if it's turned off. If you can cancel the subscription, let's say you're selling a skincare cream, you can just turn it off, not send the skincare cream for the month, and they don't message your support and bash you and go nuts, you don't have a good product. Can you make a ton of money without a result that good? Yes, but it's going to be hard. We don't want hard. We want easy. Two, we want the result to be easy for the customer to get to. This doesn't mean the result is easy to get. For example, getting a customer results at air and instruct an AI agent that they can effortly put on their site that makes them 3 to 5% more in revenue and detects all the customers and the the tracking structure. That's hell on earth. But the customer side must be easy. Imagine all the things that go behind Uber and getting that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] car to your house, getting the driver, getting them set up, getting them paid, getting all the infrastructure to connect that together, all that together. That's hell on earth. But getting the Uber there as a customer, easy. The person must not only be able to get the result, they must be able to get it effortlessly because people won't put in the time to get the result either. You literally want a free money printer for them. A free result machine that requires no effort on their part because in order for your business to grow rapidly, you need a hundred of people to join. You need a 100 of them to stay. If only 10 of them stay, it becomes hard to grow the business and you're pulling teeth. We don't want that. We want it to be easy. Three, we want a painless billing structure. Very similar to Stripe, very similar to pumpf fun that I described. You're build in tiny increments that are immediately attached to value. Think about Finn and the $28 support ticket and the $1 they charge to fix that. That's what you want because then people end up staying forever because it's painless for them to get build by it. It's it's it's not something that they worry about being bu and you can build a lot for it because for every $3 they pay you, they make $97. For every $5 someone pays us at air, they make $100. and it's built so small that there isn't some big giant upfront $10,000 payment. They can literally sign up for air for free and they don't pay this $5 until they made the $100, $100,000, whatever. That's how you want your billing structure to work so that it becomes easy for the customer to stay on board and it becomes easy for you to sell. It's so easy for us to sell air for example because we're going just say use it for free. If it doesn't make you money, you don't pay for it. You only pay for it when you make money. Same exact thing with Stripe. Same exact thing with Zapier. The customer does not start paying until they are hooked in and seeing extreme value and that extreme value is painless to pay for. And then four, distribution engine. You need something where your customers distribute it for you. Think of those examples I talked about with school, with go highlevel, with Zapier. You want that distribution engine so it becomes again easy for you to grow your business and you're not having to buy ads. You're not having to hire influencers. You're not having to do all this crazy marketing. Your customers grow it for you. Zapier became a billion-dollar company before they even ran a single ad or I saw a single ad from them. It is possible to grow a business without these. Of course, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. You do these four things, your business will be so easy to grow, so effortless to grow that your only problem will be people seeing how much money you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making and starting to copy you. That will be your only problem. And your only problem then will just be having the best product, which is a good problem to have because you're not worried about your marketing. You're not worrying about your billing. You're not worrying about your selling. You're just worried about making the best product possible. And that right there is when you will have a snowball going downhill so damn fast. It's making so much money you don't even know what to do with it. That's it. Now, if you want the actual sales and marketing tactics, I release all the courses I used to make. I don't sell them anymore cuz I make so much money it makes no sense for me to do so. So, I'm just going to give them to you for free. All you need to do is subscribe. And once a month in the community tab, I link to all these courses. You will not see this post unless you're subscribed. So, you should subscribe because it's like $20,000 in courses. They're really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. Like, I can sell a pickle to a person that's allergic to pickles. I don't have to do that cuz I use these pillars now. But damn, it sure is helpful. So, um, yeah, I'll see you next video.

================================================================================
TITLE: Want to be rich? Accept these brutal truths for 26 minutes
VIDEO ID: zgSwYEQ0Fu8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgSwYEQ0Fu8
================================================================================

So, I'm going to give you nine or 10 lessons in this video that you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate, but have made me a net worth of nearly $200 million. In fact, by the time you're done applying these lessons, you'll probably have the same result I do in real life, which is where most people who are your acquaintances or have interacted with you think you're some sociopathic autistic tier 10 level dick. And that's because what I'm going to show you in this video and teach you from the outside is going to look like a very cold, empty, ruthless, mean life where you don't value people. You don't value other people's time. And frankly, you do not operate in a way that makes other people feel warm and cozy. A lot of people are just going to think you suck. And in fact, when you apply a lot of the things I'm going to tell you in this video, you're not going to like them. They're not going to be enjoyable. What they are going to do is get you what you want out of life. If you want to be rich, you want to get results in whatever you're trying to do, this is going to make you the most effective person to get them. And the reason these are so unbearable to a lot of other people is it cuts out all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And you have to think to yourself as you watch this video, what do you want in life? Do you want all the things you want or do you want like a little bit of the things you want in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Because the truth at the end of the day is if you don't sacrifice the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the stuff you care about becomes the sacrifice and you get left with all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, it's way better you just eat these hard truths I'm going to give you because you're going to get rid of all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the end of the day you don't care about. You're going to get all the things you want as fast as possible. And if your goals are based around money, it's going to allow you to get to those money goals so that you can then enjoy the rest of your life with money or go keep making more money or whatever. Just have financial [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freedom to do whatever you want, which is pretty damn important. It's worth being called a dick. So, pay attention. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. So, look, number one, I can't be clear enough on this. It is worth it to be unbalanced. It's actually better to be unbalanced. You will be happier if you're an unbalanced person. Here is why. A lot of people have a definition of what a good life looks like. To have some balance between friends, stupid hobbies, traveling, you know, the whole kumbaya, enjoying food that you want. People justify all their stupid, stupid behavior that holds them back in life for the sake of being balanced. Oh, you know, I could have a six-pack, but I like enjoying cake. Oh, you know, I could work on my business, but I I like being able to spend 48 hours a week with my friends. Oh, you know, I am distracted from work a whole lot, but I really enjoy playing my World of Warcraft account at nighttime. I find that's fun. I need to keep balance. We need to realign our priorities to the main goal of life, avoiding things that suck a big bag of dicks primarily. And one of the things that sucks the biggest bags of dick is having to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you don't want to do for your entire life, which is work you don't want to do. I'm not saying you want to avoid work. My biggest nightmare, one of the darkest places you can ever be at is a place in life where you don't have work to do. You don't have something to work on. But if you're having to work on something you don't enjoy for people you don't enjoy doing it with, your life sucks. Period. Bar none. So the number one thing you should figure out first off before worrying about any balance is how to not do that. I don't care if you have a job as an employee. For example, at Hyros, many of my employees are multi-millions now. They become very rich working in a place with people they enjoy working with, working how they like to work. That's great. The only reason they're able to do that though is because they're phenomenal at their jobs and they're not really balanced people. At least they weren't balanced when we were building Hyros initially. So, point one of this, it's worth it to be extremely unbalanced until you have your financials under control. You shouldn't have friends. You shouldn't worry about your family. You shouldn't worry about having hobbies. You shouldn't worry about being a well-rounded person. You should work, exercise, and eat ramen noodles. That's that's essentially it. On another point, once you do become successful, this whole attempt to become balanced is not something that you should pursue just because you need to do it. A lot of the things that make us balanced that we consider balanced, like having a wide range of food, lots of hobbies, etc., are really just an excuse to be mediocre. When a lot of people describe being balanced, they describe allowing themselves to be mediocre and not cutting out the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in their life to do that. It's way better to just completely understand exactly what you want out of life and then just maximize that and kill everything else. If there's friends you don't really enjoy much, but you're just like still keeping in your life, burn it to the ground so you can put more time into work, your family, or whatever you're trying to do. If there's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you're doing, like eating food that's making you feel bad or not getting the body or physique that you want, just cut it out completely. don't have any of it whatsoever. It's way better to recognize things and habits like video games that you're probably doing or whatever goofy hobbies you have that are not moving you forward in life but you like because they're addictive and they touch your brain the right way and just burn those all out completely because you need to recognize the things that you actually want. If your goals are family, your goals are to reach this level of personhood, just put all of that as the forefront and burn everything else to the ground because at the end of the day, you're not going to wish you played a little bit more video games or hung around with those people you didn't really care about or had all this balance in your life. you're just going to wish you'd had 100% of your life of 100% of what you want. So, just don't balance anything else and just go straight for that. So, next thing I'm going to tell you, and you don't have to do this your entire life, but you need to do it at some point in your life, is put work before your family and friends. A lot of people, especially in their 20s, well, you know, I got to see my parents, I got to see my family, I got to do this, this, and that. I want to have kids, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Whatever. Look, if you don't have your financials [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handled, your life is going to suck. Therefore, it is better for you to just not hang out with friends, not hang out with family, not put any type of social life as any priority whatsoever, and get your financials [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handled. And then look, when you're 30 and you have millions of dollars, two things are going to happen. One, if you want to just kind of chill out and work less than and spend the rest of your life being social, great. Two, in your 20s, particularly early on in your life, most of the relationships you have and then you build will not be there when you're in your 30s. other than your parents, you probably won't interact with too many people you interacted with in your young 20s. The relationships are borderline worthless. So, it's way better to just punt that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down the road and get money handled so by the time you're 30, you can actually invest in relationships you're going to have for the rest of your life. Because when you're 35, those people you put so much time, all that investment you put into your social life, those people are not going to come and save you when you're having to work 60 hours a week doing something you don't like, they're not even going to be there. You're going to see them once or twice a year, probably. and you really want to start building your social life in your 30s when you're actually know who you are as a person and what you actually want. When you're building relationships before you've hit your potential as a person or at least really defined who you are, you're going to have all these aimless friendships that have all these aimless different connections in them and you really don't have a focus with your friendships and so you're going to interacting all these people that you're eventually going to burn out in friendships because you don't have any real connection later on against who you actually are as a person. So just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all of it. Skip friends, say no to everything. Get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handled first so you can spend the rest of your life with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handled and actually enjoying a life where your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is handled instead of having a life where people try to juggle and manage all this stuff where their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is not handled. And most of their life goes to juggling and managing their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] versus living life. Just manage it. Get it handled first. Hey, quick reminder, subscribe because I will give you all the courses I use to make. It's like $20,000 worth of courses for free. This is all the business tactics I've used to scale and make nine figure businesses. the sales, the ads, the copywriting, hiring employees, the actual sales pitches, everything all broken down. You will get all of those for free, but you have to subscribe because I post in my community tab once a month. Only subscribers can see it. You will not see this post if you're not subscribed. So, subscribe and you'll get all those lessons, all that for free because I don't sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this channel. So, you should subscribe so you get that and then watch the community tab. Next, a lot of people value their parents' opinions. They value their friends opinions. They value the opinions of other people online. They value all sorts of people's opinions, their friends opinions, whatever. Don't do that. You should value the opinion of people who have done exactly what you want to do. So, if someone gives me any advice on how I'm living my life, I look at their life and say, "Is this the life that I want to live?" 99% of the time, people give me advice on how I should live my life. Don't have a life that I want. What you should instead do is find people who are living the life that you want. They have the traits that you want. They operate the way that you want. They have the wealth. They have the lifestyle. They have everything that you want in life. And then you should look at their advice and what they think about the world and see how that comes with your worldviews and what you're doing. Everybody else is mostly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Most people you interact with in life are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They don't get what they want in life. If you look at 99% of people, they don't have what they want out of life. They're doing all sorts of dumb crap and then they die. Their opinions on everything essentially are wrong. And even if they have the right opinions, they definitely don't know how to execute on those opinions. So, you really just shouldn't value it at all. And a lot of people think, well, everybody's worth respect and and value and have their opinions are worth taking in. You should listen to everybody. You absolutely shouldn't. There's only a very specific few people you should listen to. For example, in terms of your diet, it's the same thing with everybody else in life. Most people have lots of strong opinions. None of them are usually right. If you look at people's life results, most people are fat or at least they're not in very good shape or they're not in peak shape. Most people are not financially successful. Most people do not have complete emotional control or self-awareness or or anywhere near their their peak potential mentally. So, you just you don't have to value their opinions. Like, you don't you don't have to think anything they say is worthwhile. Find people who have the result you want. And if they have the result you want, then listen to them. Other than that, who cares? Just you might as well have your own goofy ass opinions. They're wrong, too, because theirs are wrong as well. So, just listen to your own opinions. Now, another one that drives me nuts is when people tell me, "I need to live a little. I need to live a little." And what most people define living a little is is injecting themselves with other disgusting little hobbies and and bad behavior uh to justify it and put it in a moral pedestal so they can justify their bad behavior. So for example, when a lot of people eat cake and they eat dessert all the time and they eat stuff that ruins their body, they say, "Yeah, but Alex, you're just not living a little. I I value living a little." And what they're really saying is they're putting eating cake in a moral high ground, saying like, "I'm experiencing the fullness of life and being fulfilled." What's actually going on in this situation is a person's brain is activating when they eat sugar, releasing all sorts of dopamine and chemicals, shortwiring their brain to cause them to shove [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] such as cake covered in icing in their mouth uncontrollably despite it ruining their body. It's not something that they're actually in love with that their soul is connecting with. It's literally their brain firing off chemicals in a completely manipulated way that's causing them to repeat an action over and over again that damages them, aka [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] retardation. Terrible behavior. Terrible. Terrible. terrible behavior and they justify all of it with some moral high ground. And you're going to see in your life, you're going to justify a lot of bad behavior by putting in a moral high ground. Oh, you know, I spent all weekend playing video games instead of making videos and content and growing myself as a person, working on my business to reach my goals because I'm living a little. Oh, I went out with my friends all weekend and got drunk all weekend cuz I'm living a little. Oh, I ate this stuff. I did this thing. I hung out with this person. I spent way too much time doing X, Y, and Z because I'm living a little. You don't are you got to ask yourself at the end of the day are the things that matter to you worth this living a little because the things that matter to you will become the sacrifice and you'll be left with all the things that are living a little. You'll be spending your life fat, poor, not surrounded with the people you want, not becoming the person you want so you can live a little. You're sacrificing everything you actually care about just to live a little. And then the truth is behind most things you're doing, you need to analyze them whether they are actually making you a better person and nurturing your soul as a person. For example, going and building businesses, doing hobbies like playing guitar, hanging out with my wife and stuff. This nurtures me and grows me as a person. Going and learning about myself or going on opportunities or going on trips and stuff like that where like I actually grow as a person. This grows me as a person. Doing stuff like drinking, playing video games, hanging out with worthless friends, goofing off. A lot of the things that we do in our life that are living a little, you wouldn't have to say like no one looks at at hobbies like doing jiu-jitsu or playing guitar or something and and chalks it up in the living little category. they don't have to justify it from some moral high ground. A lot of the things you see people justify living a little are bad habits they have that they won't get rid of. And so when you look at what you're doing in your day-to-day life, analyze whether you're doing it because your brain is addicted to it or because you actually truly enjoy it. For example, if you boot up your phone and play Candy Crush, you're going to love it. But it's not because you actually love it. It's because the game is wired to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your brain in such a way that you become addicted to it and release immense amounts of dopamine and and feelings of accomplishment that you really haven't achieved. You have to avoid things like this. For example, cake releases all sorts of chemicals in your brain despite being terrible for your body. You don't actually love the thing. It makes you sick. But your body and brain is optimized based in the way it was existing a thousand years ago. To see this piece of cake and it goes in your mouth is something that's very good for survival because of all the taste and everything it's activating. It's a manipulation of your brain. Don't worry about living a little. Worry about becoming who you want to be and the goals you want to achieve. And most of the time, living a little is usually tied to some manipulative thing that humans have created to tap into the chemicals of your mind to make you feel good. Oh, I did cocaine. I'm just living a little. Same thing, just on a lower scale for most things. And on another front, be poor. Live poor. Now, I understand this comes off as a little bit tongue-in-cheek as I'm sitting here in a garage with a with a $700,000 car behind me. I got all this stuff when I achieved a net worth of over $und00 million. A lot of people you see have nice cars and nice things, they're buying all of it with loans. I don't buy anything with loans. I buy things in cash or with borrowing off my assets. So, what I want to stress is that when I first started my businesses and when I got the biggest acceleration in my businesses when I sold myself and I lived in an apartment with just a bed and a desk and worked on it. Am I saying you should do this? Yes. Yes, I in fact am. In fact, if you're young, you should just go get an empty studio apartment next to a grocery store, don't have a car, and live in Wyoming, so your bills are like $200 a month and just work on whatever you need to do to master your craft and trade in life. I don't suggest everybody starts a business. I suggest you be very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talented and skilled to the point that you can charge a lot of money for your skills and there's demand for a person like you. For example, again, there's many people that work at my business that are multi-millionaires now because of the leverage they have because of the skills they've acred over their career. You should view it the same way. Whether you start a business or not, you are still leveling up the main asset, which is you. So, what you should do is stop trying to live nicely or live anywhere close within your means. If you are spending more than 10% of your monthly income, it's a sign you need to reduce. So, if you're only making a couple grand a month and you're poor, that's fine. Go live in Wyoming. Reduce to the absolute bare minimum. Because what that's going to allow you to do is unlock time. Because what you're basically doing when you're poor is trading immense amounts of your time for little bits of money. You need to go and make it so that you can end up working a part-time job, afford your cheap ass apartment, and then invest in yourself till you are worth enough that your time is very valuable at least. Then you can go and start gradually scaling up off of 10% of your income. This is where you should live at, period. You shouldn't worry about appearance. You shouldn't worry about living nice. Just live cheaply. It's really not that bad. You will have a great time not having to worry about anything financial as well. There's no shame in it. But most people avoid this. They get a car, they get in college debt, they rack up all this debt, and then they become slaves who can't go and invest any of their time because all their time is being traded for small amounts of money. That is where you die. That is where your dreams go to end. Avoid that by living poor as long as you possibly can and live within 10% of your income. And if you can't do that cuz you're so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] poor, reduce to the point where your life costs are as cheap as humanly possible so you can get as much of your time back as possible to invest in yourself and giving yourself time to grow. So the next one, everybody's going to hate this one. This this one pisses off mediocre people more than anything else. Don't be humble. Be arrogant, at least in a video game sensive way. So I'll explain that in a second. Whenever I'm talking about money or anything, there's always the crowd of people like, "Oh, you need to be more humble." No, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. Shut up. You know the people that tell you to be more humble? It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers there. I've never seen a successful person give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about anyone else being arrogant because they have their own stuff going on. Like I don't care if there's some person who's a billionaire that's arrogant. I'm not like, "Hey, you need to go be more humble." I have my own stuff going on to the point I don't care if someone's really overconfident. It's just not on my radar. People usually want you to be humble so they can feel better about themselves. If you walk into a room, I don't go and do this by any means, but if you walk into a room and you start talking about making billions of dollars and uh your lifestyle and whatever you're trying to do and your goals and and whatever, a lot of people are going to be like, "Well, you need to be humble. He needs to be more humble." No, they just want you to be more humble so you don't remind them how much their life sucks and how little they've accomplished with their time. So, one, don't be humble for other people. But two, a lot of people think there's some terribleness in being egocentrical and having some obscene confidence in yourself. There is not. It's way better to be egotistical about yourself and have total faith in yourself than it is to hate yourself. And a lot of people just hate themselves and they put themselves in a bad corner where they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on themselves at the time and think of themselves as an underdog. No, think of yourself as the ruthless killer who people can't stop. It's better to think in that way because you're going to take more risk. You're going to take more gambles. You're going to put money behind yourself and reach out for way more opportunities than if you just think you suck. It's way better on the flip side. Now, on this part, nothing matters. No one's better than anybody else. And this isn't me saying it from like some virtue signaling way. Every part of our value in society is based on these madeup numbers that humans created. We are all just consciousness locked inside meat bags that are imagining the whole entire hierarchy of humanity. We are all exactly the same. We all go to the same place. Everything we do that makes us better than each other is completely made up. It's not that in some virtuous morality kind of way no one's better than each other. We just literally can't be. Like no one can actually better or worse. It's all just human metrics and numbers that we've made up on the real baseline everything. We're all just meat bags with a consciousness in our heads that die and forget everything. Nothing matters at all. So the real truth of it is there's nothing to be egoentrical about at all. There's you're just nothingness. So you might as well just make up and play the video game of life, which is basically like if you're playing a video game, nothing that matters in the video game matters, but it's fun to play the video game and act like it matters. Same exact thing in life. Like have a little bit of ego because it makes things more fun. like have confidence in yourself because it makes things more fun than thinking you suck the entire time and just be okay with it. It's fine. It's much better than sitting around being like forcefully making yourself humble and forcefully putting yourself down all the time. Like be a little bit cocky and it's all and at the end of the day it's all just one big joke anyway. So you might as well be on the fun end of the joke instead of the sad soggy end of it. It's that simple. Now here's another one that people are going to hate. Just assume you're going to win by default. Like assume the the world is rigged in your favor. Why should you do this? And why is this not a bad thing? Look, you shouldn't be to the point where you think things are just going to be given to you and you can just work and not get anything. That's going to set you up for a lot of failure. So, you have to back it up. You have to always be willing to put in the work to back it up first off. But you should also always assume you're going to win. Is this true? No. But if you assume you're going to win, you're going to work like you're going to win. If you if you truly believe that you can win the Super Bowl and your heart of hearts, you know you can do it. You're going to put in the work and you're going to be more enthusiastic about doing it. The end. So, if you look at how you're going to work in life and how you're going to behave in life, you're just going to have a better life. You're going to take more risk. You're going to take more opportunity and you're going to work with way more passion and excitement if you truly just believe you can win and you just have blind faith in yourself. You're going to take a lot of leaps and sometimes it might not pay off, but as long as you're willing to put in the work, which comes with all the stuff I talked about before this sacrificing correctly, it's usually going to pay off. It will in fact almost always pay off. I know most people I started with when I was much younger who started businesses, everybody that wanted to be a millionaire that stuck with it and kept betting themselves is a millionaire now. I can't name anybody who was not. And so there's two ways you can live life. You can assume like you're not going to win and that you suck and you're always going to hedge your bets on yourself and you're not going to take big swings. Or you can just assume that you're playing Grand Theft Auto and cheat codes and you're the main character. Is this technically true? Are you the main character? Are you the best thing that ever walked on earth? No, probably not. But who cares? Just live like like that anyways because then you're going to end up taking the shots you need to take and you're going to have a way more fun, more enjoyable life at the end. It's all one big joke. So, you might as well be on the fun end of the joke. Next, a certain amount of people should dislike you. They should really dislike you. In fact, it's great for marketing if people dislike you. A really good example of this is Brian Johnson when he was first getting started with all of his uh live forever stuff. He intentionally posted stuff that made a certain kind of people absolutely live it. I'm going to live forever. Blah blah blah. I'm trying to become the next AI god. all sign of stuff like this. Who did this piss off? Who did it really make mad? All the people that will never be Brian Johnson's customers. There was not a single person who was buying Brian Johnson's Blueprint products that it made mad. It made mad tons of people that are against Living Forever and have all sorts of moral hang-ups about what Brian is doing. And he found them and popped them like a pimple. And what they did is they got very angry and spread it all over the internet and spread their hate everywhere. And anybody that was Brian Johnson's target market, they looked at all this nonsense and this hate going on and said, "Hm, what's going on here and they looked at Brian like, "Wow, this is awesome." Okay, so you need to understand you shouldn't be doing stuff and not care if people hate you because if enough people hate you and you're doing really bad stuff, karma is eventually going to get you and you're going to be in a lot of trouble. You shouldn't go and run a Ponzi scheme or take people's money fraudulently or do anything like that. That's not what I'm getting at here. I'm not saying do bad things, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the haters. I'm saying that you should have a personality, you should grow in a certain way that a certain amount of people don't like you and that means you're doing things right. In fact, a little bit of drama and intentional confusion and intentional stirring of the pot is good if it's not your target market. So, for example, when I talk about business or I make these videos, you can tell that I stir up a little bit of drama and I say all sorts of stuff. You will notice that the people that it pisses off are never people that would have bought anything from me or interacted with my business and are usually unsuccessful poo poo head people with all sorts of hang-ups and they're woke and they're all sorts of junk like that. These are people that would not be fans of my business or buying ad tracking software or buying crypto or watching my content, period. So, they might as well deployed for drama. This is what I'm getting at right here. Use other people's negative criticisms of yourself. Be willing to be misunderstood. Create confusion intentionally so that you create interest and then the right people that are interested in you will find you. The the haters will not just be repulsed. They'll spread your message everywhere and they'll spread it like wildfire to all the people that actually are going to like you. It's one of the best marketing tactics ever. Look at how I've worked for Brian Johnson. The way he did it was absolutely brilliant. Another final one is like I really don't like people who appear smart because usually if you ever met like a person that appears smart, they usually have an accent. They use all sorts of big words. They talk endlessly in endless complexities that make you feel stupid like you can't keep up with them. 90% of the time these people are the actual real retards. They're midws. And if you go look at like people that work in corporations and the people making powerpoints and in calls all days, they have they sound so intelligent. Like if you go work with Silicon Valley people, man, they'll sit in a room and talk about culture and all these advanced things all the time and then they don't get any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] results at all. The people that usually get results in life are the people who are very simple. If you ever listen to Steve Jobs talk, very easy to understand. Everything he talked about very simple. You understand the things he's trying to do, the way he's operating. Nothing he's saying is mind-blowing. It's so simple that it's mind-blowing. If you ever listen to Alexi talk, he's very easy to understand. Like nothing Alex says is complex. He doesn't speak in large complexities or like some PhD person. He just talks very straight way and clearly explains what he's thinking, what's going on in his head. What's going on in his head is extremely complex. There's a lot of brilliant marketing information, but he puts it so simply. You want to find people and listen to people like that and you want to pursue being like that. A lot of people who are midwits create this persona of intelligence. For example, if you look at a lot of college professors or PhDs, the glasses, the the orientations, all the big words, they don't get any results in life whatsoever. They can't do anything. And the reason why they have these personas and these intelligent behaviors is so that people think they're intelligent, so they can sneeze their way in to value and extract value. You see it all the time in Silicon Valley. It's why these companies have so many employees that don't generate any money and they're all losing and burning tons of money. There's been a time in my life where I try to seem a certain way or I try to seem a certain type of intelligence. Just don't do that. Just embrace being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and simple and basic. And this is usually what's going to get you results. If you look at a lot of things that are best in life, they're usually simple. A lot of the best procs, a lot of the best speakers, a lot of the people to get the best results, they're simple. If you look at Elon Musk talk, yeah, he's autistic and weird and everything, but a lot of things he says are just down there simple stuff. Embrace simplicity and stupidity. Don't lean into anything just because you think it sounds smart. If you think it sounds smart, you're doing it because it seems smart, it's usually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And the last thing I'm going to leave you with is just be an absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your time and priorities. A lot of people in my day-to-day life think I'm an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I don't value their time. I don't make my time readily available for them. If there's something that's important to them, it doesn't naturally mean it's important to me. I don't just stop what I'm doing because other people want me to stop what I'm doing. Does this make me an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't think it does. Because you need to realize that you have a very finite amount of time in your life and you have finite focus and you have finite energy. And if you were constantly going and allocating this to whatever other people want you to allocate it to, if you're constantly getting upset with other people, constantly doing what they want, trying to make them happy, you're going to lose this incredible asset you need to make yourself happy and your life great and to put you in a position where you can take care of people, you can support your family, you can get the things you want out of life. If you're constantly spreading around your most important asset, you're not going to be able to invest it in yourself. And this is going to cause people to not like you. they're going to think, "Oh man, he just doesn't value friends or family or all these times or whatever." You got to actually just look at the end of the day and say, "What do you actually value?" And you just got to be non-apologetic about it. Because if you don't sacrifice the things that you don't care about, the things that you care about will become the sacrifice. It's as simple as that. If you're constantly making times to make friends happy, if you're constantly making time to make your parents happy, if you're constantly doing things to make other people happy or avoiding conflict or what other people value, you're not going to get what you want. And if you're a good person, what you want will usually put you in a position of power to take care of people and do all the nice things that you want to do. But you can't do it from a position of weakness. So stop it. Just stop trying. Stop trying to spread yourself super thin and make everybody else happy because at the end of the day, they're you're going to make them happy for two seconds and then they're not going to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about what happens in your life. No one's going to come and make you rich. No one's going to come and pay your bills. No one's going to come make you the life realized person you want to be. No one's going to come give you that good res physique. No one's going to give you the dividends on your focus and time that you should be getting. So, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Just don't be apologetic about it. So, those are 10 things, eight things I didn't really keep count that are going to make you extremely rich if you apply them and people are going to hate you and they're not going to be fun and it's it's kind of just hard blunt truths. But, if you want what you want in a life, you have to do them. So, reminder, if you want actual courses on how I build all my businesses, the advertising tactics, the sales tactics, I'll give them all to you for free, but you have to subscribe. Once a month, I post all these courses. They're all my other courses. It's like 20 grand worth of stuff. I post in my community tab for my subscribers only. You will not see this unless you're subscribed. So, subscribe. Also, below this video, if you want to actually get them the tactics about making money, there's a video on how to get to from zero to 100k a year, 100k a year to a million year, and a million a year to 10 million a year. They're all broken down right below this video for free because I don't sell you courses on this channel. So, if you care about that stuff, subscribe, go watch the videos. I'll catch you next video.

================================================================================
TITLE: This Will Make You Richer Than 99% of People In the U.S.
VIDEO ID: y3-DRDqVeEw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3-DRDqVeEw
================================================================================

So, I was sitting on my couch the other day thinking to myself, man, I'd really love to be a giant piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right now. So, I thought about the shittiest thing I could possibly do, which was pull out my phone and start perusing X, the AIDS armpit of the internet. Anyways, as I was scrolling through there, I saw another content creator, young guy. This isn't a poop on him, but he was very upset, very, very, very mad because he had just made his first million dollars in a year or something like that. And he recently then discovered what his tax bill was going to be. It was especially bad cuz he was living in the communist bisexual empire of California, which if the taxes you don't know there, it's like 54%. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane, but at least they get good social services and it's really safe in LA and stuff. All right. Anyways, we're not going to talk about that. Anyways, he stated, paraphrasing, "Fuck, the only way you can actually get rich in America is by making a hund00 million company and selling it." He was very disheartened. It's it sucks, you know, the first time you make money is see your tax bill. I thought to myself, I bet that guy would like to actually know how to get rich and how to not actually pay any taxes for it at all, which I know how to do. This last year, I in fact increased my net worth by $50 million, and I didn't pay a single s in tax for it. And what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show not only this angry kid on the internet, but I'm also going to show you how to actually go and become wealthy in the United States of America without paying any taxes. And I'm going to show you the best way, even if you live in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Hogwarts, it doesn't matter where you live, even if you don't pay taxes. This is still the best way to get rich as fast as possible. See, what I'm going to show you in this video is a core understanding that rich people, me, have that poor people, you simply do not have. I don't know anybody outside of my little tight group of rich friends that understand this. Nobody thinks like this. When I spell it out to people, it's like I'm speaking French. It's really not even that complicated. But if you understand this, you're not only going to be able to not pay taxes forever and just basically pay nothing. You ever see AOC and all the Democrats being like, "The rich don't pay taxes." They're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right. We don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. It's because of how we move money around and how we store money and how we borrow money. And it actually comes down to the fact that we actually never make any money on paper. And you'll actually see the reason why we don't pay taxes is actually very fair, which I'm going to break down this video. But the cooler thing about this video is I'm going to break down how you can make money as fast as possible. Look, he said the only way you can get rich is building a $100 million company. Sort of. The way you get rich in America or anywhere is you actually don't focus on income. You don't try and make money, you try to build equity value, which is what I'm going to teach you right now. Let's begin. Now, look, this video is going to be actually about understanding money. If you want the actual business tactics, every single month, I give away all my old courses I used to make. It's like $20,000 worth of courses, all my sales techniques, all my business growing techniques, how I run ads, copywriting, everything. I give it away to all my subscribers in my community tab. But you have to be subscribed or you won't see that post. So, go subscribe. Click that little button right now. And I'm going to give you tons of other supplemental content to go along with this that's on the channel as well because uh I've already made enough money that I don't have to sell you courses like everybody else on YouTube. Let's begin. So, I know what you're thinking. How on earth did this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grow his net worth $50 million a year and you have to actually factor in that doesn't even include my income. That's just my net worth gains. On top of that, I make tens of millions of dollars a year on top of that. So, this video is going to be very useful. It's coming from a person that actually knows what they're doing instead of a person that makes YouTube videos on business that sell you courses on business. And everything I'm going to focus on this video comes from my software companies, not my crypto trading or investment or sleazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. This is all just good oldfashioned business that you can go and learn from, too. At the end of this video, I'll break down the business and how it grows and everything I do right there. But you have to have this understanding that I'm going to break down right now first or you won't get any of that. So, look, the way most people think you get rich is you make a lot of income. So, for example, if we look at the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] quarterback of all time, just like the most overpaid piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] quarterback, the most overpaided employee in the history of employees, Dak Prescott of the Dallas Cowboys, uh, this guy makes $40 million a year. And everybody thinks this is how you get rich. You go and make a lot of money in income. So, this guy gets paid $40 million a year to throw 10 yard passes like a 15year-old girl. And people think, "Oh, wow. He's made it." But after you look at everything he does and all the agents and all the stuff he probably has to pay, he probably makes like $20 million per year. Then probably spends five of that. And then at the end of all this, he's probably left with about $15 million a year. So this is really good. And I'm just really taking this opportunity to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Dak Prescott. It doesn't really have to do anything with my point. My point is one, if you look at all the money he's making, he's really not keeping much of it at the end of the day. Over the span of a 10-year career, it's only about 150 million, not 400, $500 million like people think. So one, that sucks. And that's just one expresses point number one. It's really hard to actually make money in America if you are going through income alone. Even if you're getting paid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money, like you have to make so much damn money to make a net worth from this. And then you can't even keep any of this. You have to go and invest it if you actually want to be safe. This is a bummer. And so what you have to focus on when you want to get good at making money is you never actually try to make income because income's kind of stupid because it's a double-edged sword. See, let's imagine I'm going and building a business and it's making a million dollars per year in profit. So, let's say we have a $2 million per year business. 1 million in profit. Now, what every person is going to do is they're going to pay themselves this $1 million in profit. Now, there's a few angles we can go with this. A lot of people are going to be like, "No, just keep investing in your business, keep growing your business." Yes, that's that's correct, but you have to understand at the core level what we're trying to do if we're trying to make money here. So, look, if we pay ourselves to $1 million right here, we're going to pay at least 400k in taxes on that alone. Now, I'm not going to really focus on taxes too much here because if you don't want to pay taxes, just move to Dubai. It's that simple. The end. Okay, that's the solution. The point here is how to build wealth as fast as possible while also not paying taxes. So, when you're building a business, paying yourself from the business is a double-edged sword because not only does the money leave the business, but it also stops the business from growing. So for example, if we invest a million dollars in hiring like a really talented employee, new infrastructure, whatever, the business could have grown to maybe $4 million the next year. And if we reinvest the money, then it can invest it, then it could have grown to $10 million. But let's imagine we don't make money this entire time. You're thinking to yourself right now, well, what's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] point? Why am I doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's because of this. See, when you're building a business up, let's imagine we get a business to $10 million per year, and there's potential for profit. we just keep reinvesting the money into the business and that's what keeps growing the business. Look, if you have a $10 million business per year and you're losing $10 million and you're breaking even on it, that's not good. If you have a business that's maybe making $10 million per year and you could take home $5 million in profit, but you're reinvesting the profit to grow the business, the business keeps growing and that's going to look really, really good on paper because of this. See, if you're in a business that has that situation, the value of this business on a low multiple is about $50 million. On a decent multiple, it's probably anywhere from 80 to $100 million. So, if you're in like tech or something like me, you could pull a fugazi and value your company at 10x. I don't do that. Whenever I mention my company values, I base it off of offers our company has received or the lowest possible multiples in our niche. So, for example, in software, I usually base my company values on like a fourish to fiveishx on revenue or based on past offers that we've received. So, I'm not just pulling out 10x multiples like every other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on YouTube who makes like a million dollars and it says their company's worth 100 million. That's not what I'm doing here. But, we're here to focus on you. All right. So, the business at this point, let's say you get it to $10 million per year, which I know you're thinking, "Oh my gosh, whatever." Just work with these same multiples in whatever business you're building. Maybe it's a million dollar per year. I'm just using 10 mil as a reference right here. So, this business right here is now worth, let's say, lowend $50 million. Now, we got it to this point because we didn't pay ourselves and we kept reinvesting the money back into the business to grow the business as fast as possible. Now, you're thinking, well, how do I actually make money? Well, the business is valued on paper at $50 million. Okay? So, if you own 100% of that business, you now have $50 million if you sold the company, which we don't want to do because moving like this prints money. See, look, if we were to go and say we have this this business that's making $10 million per year, and we have the potential to take five mil out every single year, but we put the five mil back in and we use that to grow the business to $15 million per year, theoretically, right? So, instead of paying ourselves, we send the five down here and we grow it to $15 million per year. You see right here, based on the multiples, that 5 million equates an actual valuation of the company to about 25 million. So, instead of making 5 million right here, we just made another 25 million in actual net worth. You see how this works? Instead of paying ourselves, we pay the company and we use the money strategically to grow the company. Look, if your business is doing $10 million per year with $5 million profit, you can probably find a way to invest $5 million to grow it another 50%. Hell, you could just go buy another company with that money or something to grow the value of the company if you want. You can be real cheeky like that. So again, you're thinking, what's the point? When do I actually get to make money here? So, what you can easily do, especially when rates are lower, which they're about to do, is you can go and now we have this $75 million company because we didn't pay ourselves. What we can then do is borrow against this company. We can borrow all sorts of money. We can go borrow $30 million against the company to do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we want. You want to buy a house, you want to do whatever, you can go do that. Now, what I suggest doing is you buy other assets with this money. So, for example, what you can do from the company is pay yourself very little. Let's say out of the $75 million per year. And again, I understand these numbers are outrageously high for a lot of people watching this. This is fine. You can use this at lower numbers, too. So, let's imagine you pay yourself $500,000 a year in living expenses or something like that. A very small fraction of what the company's making, but the company allows you to borrow $30 million. You could go and get a $10 million house, a Lamborghini if you want, and if you're really smart, you'll start actually buying houses and cars and other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that appreciates in value. So, for example, that Lamborghini Ultima behind me, very, very rare form of Lamborghini with almost no miles on it. I don't drive it because the thing is an investment. The thing is going to appreciate year. It's already up a lot of money since I bought it. And so, you can see what I'm able to do is I'm able to have my cake and eat it too with my investments. I actually don't even like cars very much. I use it because it gets your guys' attention in videos. And I actually do like that car a lot, but the thing makes money like a stock. Regardless, when you're buying assets with money you borrow against the company, you can do that to then make the assets make you more money as well. increasing your net worth over time in a funny way, especially if rates are low. They've been very high the last few years, you're paying 5% on a loan or something like that, they're going to get back down to 1 2%. You buy an asset, for example, like that car behind me, it depreciates 5 6 7 8% a year. You're printing money while having fun at the same time. Just a little general tip for you. But the most important thing right here is that if we go and get the house, we go and pay a rent, we go and do whatever with this, we're taking money out of the company that we're not going to be taxed on. So, we just bought a $10 million house. we're not going to be taxed on that. And then when we sell the money, we just give the money right back to the company and there's no tax on that. And so our goal really when we're trying to get rich period is one, if we have $500, if we put the $500 in our pocket, the $500 is gone. If we have $500 and we put it back in the company, their $500 if it's used to grow the company in equivalent amount is worth $2,500. We can get a 5x on our money net worthwise and then we can borrow against the value of that. So we can grow our net worth and that money that we have access to very very very quickly. Now finally the last cool part about this is that when you want to make a lot of money as the company grows quickly and the companies get bigger value the multiples and everything start to go up as well. And so what you want to start doing when you think about how you build your businesses is I didn't do this for like the first 15 years of my career is I was just focused on okay making two mill a year now I want to make five million a year. Now I want to make 10 mill a year. Okay that's great and all but that's not really the main point of the business. The point of the business is so for example at Hyros we really re received an offer last year for about $150 million give or take. This is the valuation of the company last year. Since that time last year has grown 40% and we're on pace to do about 50% growth this year. So even on the lowest of low end I've grown my net worth at least another 30 $50 million just from this giving me access to tons of capital if I so want it which I don't want right now. I could even go and just take a part of the company and sell Hyros, sell 10% for 15 million right now if I wanted something like that, but I don't want to do that right now. I'm just showing you that by going and investing the money back in the company as much as I can. I still get paid very well from my companies and building new technology in it. I've managed to increase my net worth substantially more than I ever could in income. If I wanted to go and pay myself $50 million a year from higher, it's just not going to happen. That's an insurmountable amount of money. But I can add it to my net worth and then I can actually borrow from it. And if I want to, I could go find a buyer for the company. And that's how you get rich. You want to focus on growing the long-term value of your businesses because a you don't pay taxes when the value of the business goes up. That's unrealized capital gains. This is like Elon Musk, for example. A lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people think that Elon Musk has like $400 billion sitting in a bank account. He's just hoarding all of it and rubbing on his body. He probably has maybe a billion dollars liquid across everything. I would be surprised if he had if he had access to more capital than that at any given time. Of course, he can raise money. Of course, he can sell stock for that. But he has absolutely no access to those gains because all of it is in his companies. And so, he focused on growing the value of his companies. And that's what's made him so rich on paper. And he borrows all the things he does. And I don't think he has an extravagant lifestyle, but he could. He borrows those things to buy other companies and moves money around by using that paper net worth to borrow. This is what every single rich person does. They never make income. If you see anybody make a lot of money, they're not keeping the money, unless they're just pure stupid. So, first you want to focus on growing the money, not only because a it's not taxed, but b it's the fastest way to grow your net worth. If you take the money out and store it, it's going to cut the thing that's growing. It's like you have a plant and you just keep picking all the the the corn off of it when the corn is what makes it grow. That's not how plants work at all. But hopefully you get the metaphor. And then finally, when it comes to tax, if you're paying if you're taking income out, again, you're just really shooting yourself in the foot because you're destroying the thing that's going to grow the business, that's going to grow the valuation of the business, and you're unpaid, you're going to pay really large taxes on it. If you do end up selling the business someday, what's going to happen is you're only going to pay 20% taxes on it because of long-term capital gains. So again, you're just winning, winning, winning. And then when you have that money left in the business, if you can find ways to invest in things in the business that allow you to then wipe the slate, clean the business, then the business isn't making any money, so it doesn't even pay any corporate taxes either. You have to be smart with this. Get a CPA. I'm not giving you any advice right here. There's but there's legal ways and compliant ways, which I suggest you do to do all these things. But this right here is how you go and actually become rich in America. You don't go and try and make a million dollars per year and then keep all of it. One, yeah, you're gonna get taxed the hell, especially if you live in communist California. But two, it's a very inefficient way to make money. You you don't want to be spending your years trying to make money like Dak Prescott. You barely get to keep any of the money that you make. What you want to do is you want to go and build things longterm and continue to reinvest the money to get a 5x, a 10x on the money that you put into it. And it's just free money growing up your net worth that you can then borrow against tax-free. This is how rich people get rich. Now, if you want to see how to actually grow businesses, hey, subscribe. I'm going to give you all my courses with the actual techniques, the sales, copyrighting skills, all that stuff. It's not a lead funnel. I'm just going to give it all to you. I have nothing to sell you on this channel. On top of that, below this video, there are three videos. There's a video on how to get to your first 100K a year. There's a video on how to get to 100K a year to a millionaire. There's a video on how to get to a millionear to $10 million a year. It's all broken down for free in those videos below. Uh because I want your time and attention on this channel, so I'm just going to give you all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know for free. That's it. See you next video.

================================================================================
TITLE: You'll win at everything in life if you watch this
VIDEO ID: WbcuaqyAP38
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbcuaqyAP38
================================================================================

All right, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why don't you have a six-pack? Why are you not rich? Why are you not dating hot babes? Why are you not crushing all your goals in life like an incest baby between Elon Musk, Richard Branson, and Frodo from Lord of the Rings? He's short, but he's got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heart just like you. I'll tell you why. It's because you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. Just kidding. You're you're fine. Probably. Maybe annoying the average person views this channel. Probably not. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. We're going to go anyways. Cuz lucky for you, I have all those things. And I found a system for my life that makes achieving them easy. Okay, jokes aside, I think I've insulted you and lowered your morale enough. This video is going to show you how to basically get anything you want in life because getting everything you want in life is as simple as playing the Sims. You have the same amount of hours every single day as the greatest men on earth. There is nothing stopping you from putting in the work hours and effort of Mr. Beast, Jeff Bezos, and Camala Harris. And look, if that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can go and run for president, you can basically do anything at this point. Why can't you? It's because you don't understand how your brain works. And if you understand how your brain works and how to structure it in these three ways I'm going to show you in this video, they're going to align like the cassidian crystals on the Death Star and give you unlimited power. And even if you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you too will be touring the nation doing book tours, giving speeches, and half the country will be wanting to vote for you despite your deep, deep incest retardation. Long story short, if you're kind of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is still going to work for you because I am actually a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as well. I barely passed high school, was broke out of the military. And my favorite hobby, my only hobby actually just was drinking, and I still managed to use this to convert myself into a person that not only has a crispy six-pack, but also a net worth passing multiple nine figures. And I also am married to a pretty lady who's nice to me. So, all around, this is going pretty well. And what I'm going to show you in this video allowed me to basically get whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want out of life without any restrictions. And I guarantee if you just do this, it's going to take all the responsibility that you're trying to force out of your hands and just make all of this easy and streamlined. So, let's begin. So, let's all bring it down to one key point that we're going to fix in this video. Why haven't you gotten the things that you want to get out of your life? Here's the number one reason. You haven't been able to force yourself to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. You haven't had the willpower. You haven't been able to make yourself do it. Look, if you woke up every single day and busted out 12 hours of extremely focused work, you didn't do anything. You weren't distracted. you just sat down, worked and worked and worked on whatever you were pursuing in life, you'd get pretty good results in it. Maybe you wouldn't be the Tom Brady of whatever you're doing, but you definitely make the NFL. You wouldn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. Whether it's making money, getting a great physique, whatever your goals that you're trying to achieve are, being the best at something, you'd be able to do it if you were able to just sit down and make yourself [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] focus on it like you're playing the Sims. Have you ever played the Sims? You ever remember making the Sims go and read books for 12 hours straight, just pounding espressos, sleeping like a machine, going to work in a perfect mode, repeat. They have no friends, no family except when you need to score friend points in the game. If you ran your life like that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you tell that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to, you'd be doing great, but you're not. So, the secret we really have to realize is how do we get ourselves to perform like a sim, aka where we just do all the things we need to do constantly like a machine? And more so, how do we make it easy? How do we make it so we don't want to kill ourselves while we're doing this? This is how you do it. So, what I'm about to show you actually just has three steps. And if you optimize these three things again, you will line up like the Death Star laser and unlock unlimited power in yourself or at least enough power to not be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. And I'm going to give these three things to you here in a second and they will just plain work. It makes everything very streamlined. But you have to understand the crux of your problem right now, which is that thing, that blob of mass in your head, your brain. And your problem right now is not be able to get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do what you want. You want to do a lot of things. Like I'm sure you want to work out five times a day, make tons of money to read 50 books a year, and go and learn I don't know the Kama Sutra. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I saying? Anyways, you can't get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do what you want consistently. And even if you try and do it, the spurts of doing it are so so hard that you eventually run out of willpower and then you just stop. And so you can't run your life like a Sim at this point. So, you have to understand how to trick this little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in doing what you want and actually make it enjoy it. Because you are two different things. There's your brain, which is this organ that thinks and does things. It really isn't you. Have you ever listened to the thoughts that go on in your head and the things you think about, they just pop out of nowhere? That's your brain. It's just doing stuff all the time. And it's always making you do stuff you don't want to do and pushing and do stuff you want don't want want don't want don't want don't want don't want don't want to do because it's not you. It has nothing to do with you. It's an organ that influences or releases chemicals that then make you want to do certain things. But really, you have this separate willpower, this consciousness in your head that clearly doesn't always want to do these things. You don't want to eat cake. You don't want to drink alcohol. You don't want to play video games 24 hours a day. You'd love if you were motivated to do great things and read and have all these great personality traits, but you just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't because this thing keeps pressing you and it makes it very hard to have those things regardless. So, the great question is, why don't you have and do all these things you don't want to do? Here's exactly why. So, your brain is like this creature that needs to get something. All right? So, for example, if you go in the Sims and you tell it to go entertain itself, let's say this is the entertainment button right here in the Sims. What the Sim is going to do, and let's just refer to the Sim as your brain going forward. It's going to find the most straightforward way to get here. So, let's break this down. So, let's imagine your brain is essentially the Sim in the video game. It it has needs. Okay? So you you are the Sim and you have needs and you have to understand that your brain doesn't live in the future. It also doesn't live in terms of fulfillment. It doesn't equate itself to making lots of money and being happy. It doesn't equate itself to working towards a long-term goal and being happy. It simply lives right now in this moment. It's a dumb lizard brain and it has needs it's going to need to fulfill right now. And what you have to understand about the brain is it's an optimization machine. Its goal is to get from point A to point B with as least energy and effort as possible. So just like a Sim in a video game, if you tell it to entertain itself, what it's going to do, it's going to do a quick scan of the area and what's available and it's going to find the shortest way to fulfill this need. And once the need is fulfilled, the motivation and everything to do anything else is pretty much gone. The motivation is not not there anymore because the need has been fulfilled. And it doesn't care if the way it gets to this need is unhealthy or something that doesn't work in your favor. It doesn't even care if the need itself damages you in the long run because it doesn't live in tomorrow. It doesn't live in next week. It doesn't live in next year. And it doesn't even satisfy its current needs by you going and achieving your life goals. If you go make a lot of money if you become very successful, your brain is still going to be like, "Hey man, maybe you want to go like watch some porn or something. That sounds great." Or like, "Hey, dude, that World of Warcraft account, that sounds really satisfying." It's still going to get really high from doing heroin. And it's like, hm, maybe we should just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all this work stuff and go do heroin. That's how your brain works because it thinks how to fulfill its need as fast as possible. It doesn't care about what actually makes your life better or worse. It doesn't care if the needs and that you're fulfilling put you in debt and ruin your life. That's why people go and start gambling and whatever, lose all their money, and you're like, "Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I do this?" Because your brain was like, "Hey, the fastest way to get dopamine, the fastest way I can get this hit is just to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the casino and lose my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money." Because it doesn't think in terms of results. It just thinks in terms of getting this chemical release and once it does it stops wanting to do it and then you're just going to mope around. So you have this situation right here that becomes very toxic if you do not control your brain in today's world. So what you need to understand is that in the past caveman times there was basically only like three ways to get dopamine. You had to like eat, you had to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or you had to like hang out with friends or something. I don't know. And you had to be valuable to the tribe. That was like it. You didn't have a phone, you didn't have a TV. That was it. So really, the only way a caveman had to reach any level of fulfillment or scratch the itch and the chemicals the brain needs to have be released was to hunt, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go hang out with friends and be valuable to the community. That was it. So I would be willing to bet that cavemen were pretty productive [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And if you look at people from the 50s, 20s, and before we had a lot of technology, they got a lot of stuff done. They were really active. There weren't a lot of people just sitting around watching TV and like doing nothing and just drained all the time. Why was that? because the brain had no way to get access to dopamine. It had no way to actually get any of the things it wanted because there was no shortcuts to it. Now, when you are working with your brain in general, what you need to understand about this, and this ties in, we're going to lay it all here in a second. I know I've talked about this before, but there's other stuff they're going to tie in this to make this very fast and easy, is the brain is going to find the fastest way to get there. It doesn't care if it's negative or has a con on your life. For example, if you're looking at going and talking to women, you're not going to be motivated to talk to women if you're watching pornography. Cuz why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would you leave the house and go put yourself in some existental insist put yourself at risk of chance of being denied by a lady in public when you could just load up Pornhub? Why why would you why would you go do that? You wouldn't. This is why a lot of guys don't date anymore because they just do that. Why would you go and build a business and get this fulfillment and take on challenges when you can just boot up a video game? And so your brain is going to go and say, "hm, okay, look, I don't care about the business you want to build being successful. I don't care about you being physically fit. I care about getting this need fulfilled in a shortest way possible and spending as little energy as possible getting there." And so it's going to reroute and optimize around these things. And you're not wanting you're not going to want to do anything challenging. So now that you understand that, you also have to understand a few other things about your brain. One, your brain is limited. There is only so many things it can focus on at once. So if you put 100% of your focus into say building a business, you're going to get really huge returns from that focus because you're going to see all the edge cases and all the focus that goes into it is going to go into something that makes your life go up. But the more your focus gets split, the less impact it's going to have because you're putting less focus into things. The next thing you understand is that your brain can function better or worse. So, for example, if you're drinking all the time, if you're completely frying your dopamine and like to the point where your brain's exhausted and mentally overwhelmed. I'm sure if you've ever played a 12-h hour video game bench, you see how your brain feels after you can't focus or look at anything. If you're not sleeping well, if you're not eating well, if you are not dealing with inflammation in your body and how your body resets every single day, you're also going to be slow. So, what am I trying to point out here? If we take all the three things I just talked about right here, and we lay it in a train track of success, okay, we have our energy, basically how well our brain works, we have our focus, and then we have our motivation, which is basically our dopamine, which is really the hardest one to control out of all of them. If we can optimize all three of these things in order, we're going to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at things really fast. So, for example, let's imagine that this is again like the Sims, and we need to fill up all these bars. If you max out your energy bar, you max out your focus bar, and you put all of your motivation and points into whatever job career you're getting into, you max out all of these right here, your life output is going to be outrageous. Let me make sure I got that fully in view. It's going to be outrageous. Cuz let's imagine this. Let's look at a bad scenario. This is most people. Let's say you're putting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your body. You're not sleeping well, and you're doing all sorts of things. They're frying your brain. Your energy is at 20%. Now, let's look at most people's lives. Their focus is fractured in a zillion different ways. They have bills and life responsibility that's driving them nuts. They have family. They have friends. They have 15 different hobbies that they're looking at and they're not good at. They are looking at politics and and on Twitter all the time. They're on their life is just so much. There's so many things going on in their life. They have all their chores daily. Everything that's going on in their life. Think of anything that you focus on that isn't based around success in your daily time. Go and document the next hour after this video. Sit down and think about how much you focus on things that have nothing to do with the growth or success of your life. Do it. You'll be like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on in this monster thing that I call my brain? I am [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] retarded." You really have to really think about it and document this. And then finally, imagine most people's motivation is completely won out because they're looking at porn. They're watching TV all the time. They're playing video games and they have 15 other different hobbies whether it's their phone or some form of technology that's giving them all the rewards, all the incentives immediately without any effort. So what is the normal person doing right here? You have this slow person that is only putting like 5% of their focus in life growth that has zero motivation to do so. Like they have no interest in it either. Like if they go read a book on self-help or they go and go to the gym for 30 minutes, they're in mass amounts of pain. Why? Because their brain's like, "What are you doing, dude? We filled the motivation quota an hour. Why are you at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gym? We just ran a really sweet dungeon in world. You don't need to do this. What are you do? Go home and go home and take a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and sleep. Stop it, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We can deal with this tomorrow." And then they repeat the same exact process. How are you supposed to be successful when you when you are operating like this? You can't. It's like driving a car that's has half of engine and you've crammed your own feces into the gas tank and you've completely painted the windshield with with hentai waifu pictures. You can't see where you're going and you everything smells like ass and it's not working very well. You can't do this. This is dumb. So, how do we go and fix this? Well, we sit down and we make a concerted effort to document our lives and fix all these things. So, the first place you need to start at is going to be your energy because you can't deal with these things if you're not if you don't have no energy. So, here's the most basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can do right here. Now, there's a ton of things you can do to improve your energy and biohack and all that stuff. That's not going to get you the results. Here's what's going to get you the results when it comes to energy. Okay? I'm not going to go into all my biohacking. I could go talk about hyperbaric chambers and red light therapy and injecting yourself with peptides. We're not doing that yet. Just chill out. Remove sugar and inflammatory foods from your diet. This is where almost all the brain fog is coming from. Just eat plants meat and simple carbs like sweet potatoes. Just go to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] store, get yourself some chicken breast, some sweet potatoes, some berries, and some nuts and just eat that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Your brain fog and everything won't go away or jump on the carnivore diet. Just take whatever you're doing and focus on lowering the inflammation in your body as much as you possibly can. Research that. If you do that, you're going to have clear thoughts. Then go to bed on time. Just just go to bed and try to get 6 to8 hours of sleep. Then stop poisoning yourself. All right? Stop smoking pot. Stop drinking consistently. You're not rich yet. You don't get to get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up on the weekends. All right? No. No. When when you when you have millions of dollars, you can go and enjoy your Irish car bombs and and butt plug your marijuana candies you need to take to go to bed every single night. Not yet. All right. If you stop doing all these things right here, your energy is going to get up to 80%. Which is good enough. All right. That's good enough. You don't need to be at 100%. We don't need to be in Hyperberg Chambers, Brian Johnson in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yet. Now, your focus. This is so important if you want to be successful in anything, particularly in business, because business takes a really long time and it's hard. Get rid of anything in your life distracting you. Just that's it. Until you've achieved your goals in life, but until you've set yourself up moneywise, no, you don't don't you don't need friends. You don't need hobbies. You don't need to be involved in politics. If you know what's going on in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] politics, and I know on Twitter, I've said some some pretty spicy political takes. Don't follow what I do. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You need to be better than me. You You need to have all this stuff out of your head. If you're walking around, document your head the next hour. What are you thinking about? If it's in your life and it's not making your life actively better, get rid of it. This means lowering your life cost in terms of how you live in your lifestyle down to zero. Most people's biggest stress is money. Like 50% of their time is focused on making money. Now, I don't mean making money for the sake of growth. So, when I wake up to make money, I want to grow my net worth from 100 million to 500 million. That's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to grow. Most people are making money like they're worried about paying a bill on time, how they're going to make rent, how they're going to get something useless object or something. I'm doing this to rack up a high score. A lot of people are focused on it to survive. So, what you do is you lower your threshold of survival down to zero. That means getting a studio apartment in Wyoming next to a grocery store where you don't need a car and you can get some weights and you can just sit in your room and lift weights and work until you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. When you're rich, then go do stuff. All right? It doesn't take that long if you just focus like that because all of your focus points are going into getting rich, which is what most of you guys here to do. This same thing I'm talking about right here applies to anything else you're doing. You want to be good at a sport. You want to get jacked. You want to get better with women. You want to do any of the things that males want to do but don't do. It's right there. All right. So, this is what you need to do. Reduce your life down to zero. Get rid of anything that you focus on in the next couple hours that doesn't add to your life that isn't absolutely mandatory. You don't need friends. You don't need to be hanging out with your family. If you have kids and you're young, congrats. You kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a little bit. But you don't need to be also be spending 15 hours a day with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kids. Like, find ways to reduce and get lots of focus time in your day and remove all the complexities from your life. Become a simple little caveman. Okay? You can have all these interests and stuff when you're rich and you've solved all of your problems and you're luring over everybody else. Now, finally, motivation. You have to get that your brain is not going to be unhappy from boredom. The reason why you become unhappy when you remove video games, TV, and all these little addictive habits you have in your life, the reason why you're unhappy is cuz your brain is like, "Hey, we had this really quick route to get dopamine and pleasure, and now you're like making us not do that, and now we can't get this chemical." It's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, bro. So, I'm just going to twist this knife in you for a few days. But what happens is your base happiness level, for example, if you look at people that end up paraplegic. Now, don't ever run this test. I'm not going to test this theory out, but what I've heard through the podcast where people talk a lot about complex things is that when people end up paralyzed, their life happiness after the first year ends up balanced out and they're just as happy as before they were paralyzed. What I'm trying to explain to you right now is that your base happiness is just going to phase out to wherever you are. Like, it doesn't actually matter what you're doing in life. There's people in jail that are just as happy as billionaires because your body kind of equates to where you're going to be. So, you're much better off just learning how to be happy where you are first off. That's a different video. What I'm telling you right now is that you need to push yourself to be extremely bored and it's going to kind of suck at first, but then you're just going to balance out and then the things you used to find that were really painful to do like going to the gym or working become the most exciting thing you have. So, I'm going to give you one other example. When you were a kid, probably growing up and maybe actually this might I might have been the last kid that had this experience grow up. I could usually sit down and read a book or hang out and talk with people without drinking. And I could just go in the backyard and like fight bugs with sticks and it was really exciting. Like and if you look at a lot of kids when they were growing up in the 50s or whatever when they didn't have TV or a lot of things, they were a lot more active and they were doing a lot more productive things with your life. People didn't just sit around and do nothing the entire time. They're really productive uh members of society. And why was this? It's because doing all these productive things wasn't painful for them. and they found it really engaging and fun. And so these people were not these people honestly were happier than we are now. So there's no secret to happiness in what you're currently doing. It's all nonsense. Then this amount of overload you're giving yourself is actually making you much unhappier in the long run. Uh so the thing I'm going to tell you right now is that again seek the boredom because eventually the boredom will be happiness and then you're going to wake up. So for example, today it's it's 3:00 a.m. right now. I'm pumped to make this video. You can tell I'm actually having a pretty good time making this. I'm putting a lot of effort into work right now making this content for you and I'm happy and I'm thrilled. Why? It's because last week I had a very big temptations to play Borderlands 4. I wanted to go play this video game. Load it up. It looked really cool. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. Why? Because if I had done that, I would not be enjoying making this video right now. I'd be itching to play Borderlands 4. If I load up World of Warcraft and start playing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] again, I start going and partying too much. I start going and have my phone and I have access to Twitter. I don't carry a phone in myself literally for this reason. I'm going to start wanting to do those things and I'm going to find making content for you very boring and painful. I don't want that because making content for you and doing this stuff in the morning and being excited about doing it makes me really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich and I like being rich and I like looking back on on a week or my life and be like, "Wow, that was cool. I like hit my goals and I fulfilled the things I want to do instead of reaching level 99 in World of Warcraft. Instead of having another useless gaming experience, instead of having another mediocre drinking experience, instead of watching a TV show and having the same experience I've had a billion times, I want to keep growing up in life. And I want that to be fun, not painful. So, to wrap this all up right here, if we align our energy, we're going to have energy to deal with all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If your energy is out of whack, you're just not going to get that. If we isolate our focus to only the things that going to make our lives better, only those things are going to improve, and they're going to improve at maximum rate. And then if we make sure to keep ourselves bored enough, and by bored I don't mean you're going to be sitting around in pain. I mean lowering your threshold for entertainment to where reading a book is entertaining again. You can get there. I don't know if you guys remember reading Harry Potter growing up and it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic. Now you have to be watching a movie with six pairs of boobs in your face at all times. A soundtrack from Kesha while you're on your phone and not even watching at the same time thinking about how you're going to play that next World of Warcraft bout. You need to get back to the baseline, buddy. Okay, you're you're living a little bit too wild. And if you do these three things right here, inevitably you're going to be super motivated to put all your energy into that thing that makes your life better. And you're going to be super highly effective at it because all your focus is there. And then you're going to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at I don't care if it's getting rich. I don't care if it's getting six-pack. I don't care if it's crushing cans with your butt cheeks. You're going to become excellent at it very fast. And this is how you own ass in life. So do it. Now, if you want actual tactics to make a lot of money, uh you should subscribe to this channel again because I release all my old courses, which used to be like 20,000 bucks worth of business building courses. They're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. I give them all to my subscribers on here for free in the community tab once a month, but you have to be subscribed or you won't see it. So, you should subscribe because they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rock. On top of that, because I'm a really great guy, I've also linked full guides on how to make your first zero to 100K a year below, then 100K to a million, and then a million to 10 million year all below. So, whatever level of entrepreneurship you're at, you can continue to hang out with me and I'll teach you how to do it because I'm trying to build an attention hub right here and make myself famous on the internet. So, I'm just going to tell you all sorts of cool secrets. So, that's it. Uh, I'll see you next

================================================================================
TITLE: It SUCKS, but it makes 1 mil/year WITHOUT risk or money
VIDEO ID: JQyuIeUSqlg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQyuIeUSqlg
================================================================================

Excuse me for being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blunt, but why don't you make more money? No, seriously. You're watching this video right now. It's about making money. Obviously, you want to become some form of rich. Why aren't you doing it? Why are you here? It's not really that hard of a question. Just go do it. It's because of risk. It's because of fear of failure. The reason why 90% of people do not go and pursue becoming more wealthy is because they think there's some failure or some risk to it where you have to roll the dice with your current life in order to get rich. This is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] unfathomably true. ruined in this video. I'm going to not only prove it to you, I'm going to show you how to get stupidly rich without taking any risk. I will actually break it down step by step for you and show you how I've applied what I'm going to show you in this video over and over and over again over 15 years to build a net worth of nearly multi- nine figures. If you can tell, I'm a little bit spicy in this video because this is the stupidest belief that people have. It couldn't be any farther from the truth. And people have been looking at me like I'm crazy for saying stuff like this and looking at me like I'm crazy since I started my first business out of the military 15 years ago. People thought I was absolute batshit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because they hold this stupid belief which is dumb. So let me destroy it for you in this video and then at the end of this video I'll even give you all my old courses, all my old business building lessons. In fact, an entire blueprint to get from zero to 100k a year and in 100k a year to a million dollar a year all for free on this channel. But first, we got to address the main issue. Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aren't you doing it? So let's talk about it right now. So, let's talk about why you're not trying actively aggressively like hell to get rich or maybe you're holding yourself back or I don't I don't know what the hell is going on in your life, but this is probably it. So, when people think about making money or escaping wherever they are in life, they think it's like playing a game of rush and let with three bullets in the chamber and you just have to go and play this nasty game of risk where you either ruin your life or you become incredibly successful. And most people don't want to do this. If I said, "Hey, you can take your entire bank account and 5x it right now if you just go put it on red or black in Vegas." Despite the odds being pretty much in your favor compared to the risk, the reward being super great, 5x reward being more than 2x math and stuff, you still probably wouldn't do that because people are risk averse. In the context, if that was the only bet you could ever make in your entire life, then yes, you shouldn't do that because there's one in five chance you ruin your entire life. And so when I first started my first business out of the military, I was flat broke. I had saved about $6,000 when I was in the military. And I took all that to put into giving myself the time and living expenses to go and build my first business. And frankly, everybody I knew thought I was an idiot. They thought I was insane. It was like I was going and sleeping with a pencil sharpener to get turn on at any moment. People are like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing, Alex? You should be going to school. You should be going the lowrisk path." which don't even get me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] started on that because if you're going to college, that's the riskiest, most guaranteed failure path you can possibly go down, but we're not going to talk about that right now. That's a whole entire other video. Anyways, I started a business from here and I just did the same thing over and over and over again. And without risk, I was able to go and get from $0 a month to 10K a month to 50K a month to 100K a month to where I am now, which is millions a month. And I don't feel like I took much of a risk the entire way through. There's some things you can do that can make it risky. You can be really stupid about this and yes, you can mess up your life, but if you're just a little bit smart about it, if you think a little bit, if you learn how to hedge your bets, no, you you can't ruin your life trying to get wealthy. You can just almost guarantee it's going to happen if you just repeat what I'm going to show you right here. So, the first thing you need to understand is that the greatest risk you can take is not taking any risk. Once you understand this, then I will show you how to lower your risk of virtually zero and grow whatever business or heck just gain a skill set that will get you paid millions of dollars working for a business. I have many employees that work for me that are multi-millionaires just because they're good at their job. So, if you want to get rich, don't just assume you have to build a business. You can actually just go work for somebody and be really good at what you do, which I'll touch on in this video. But you have to understand if you go and do the traditional route that people follow right now, which is get out of high school, go to college, get a 100k in debt, what am I writing right here? Get 100k in debt, go on the the cause college, and then slowly work your way up a ladder of a job until you're making good money, which will happen when you're like 35 or something. I I don't know. The truth of this is if we look at this process, most people don't make good money. Like if you look at it, 90% of people are broke. 10% of people hold all the money. And if you really look at it, only about 1% of people are actually rich, which is to the point where you don't have to worry about money. You have a really nice house. Maybe you can fly private even now and then. I'm not saying that's the qualification of being rich, but it's the the point where you have so much money that you just don't care anymore. And so almost nobody reaches that point. And if you look at the standard life route that most people go on right here, it it's guaranteed failure. one, not making good money until you're 35. Like, trust me, from 20 to 35 is a massive chunk of your life. 15 years, your youth is from your 20s to your 60s. That's like onethird of your life just spent struggling. That that that's that's guaranteed failure right there, just taking the lowrisk path. On top of that, you have this debt. You have this stuff that holds you and then adds risk to your life. So, when people go and take the normal life, what they're going to do is they're going to get into debt. they're going to get an apartment or get into some type of lifestyle which isn't super wasteful, isn't extravagant or anything like that. But the problem is this lifestyle and this debt combined make it so that anything they do has massive risk. Because if you have some $2,000, $1,000 in college bills, you have that $2,000 $3,000 apartment, you have your car note, you have all these other things coming in, you can't afford to take risk. Even if you're making, let's say, 10K a month and your bills are 6K a month, which is where most people are give or take after taxes. they barely have anything left over. You can't take risk because any risk you take, if it goes wrong, you're stuck with these bills coming in right here and you're screwed. And so you end up locked into this very mediocre wishywashy life path that's grand promise is to take you to 60 where you can barely retire if then with how money is working right now. This doesn't work. Like the thing I'm trying to point out right here, if you want a good life where you're financially free, I'm not talking being turbo rich. I'm just saying being financially free. You're not going to get here doing this. So it's just basically delaying failure which is still going to be failure. This this doesn't work the end. And so the first thing you need to realize is the traditional life path that so many people are telling you to go down and that you're weighing as the other end of the bullets. Remember those six bullets I talked about. This is the the safe route to go. It's not the safe route. You're automatically going to fail here. So you might as well just wipe this off the table and not consider this an option. And here's why I think making money isn't very risky or going to try and become wealthy isn't very risky. Now, first thing, if you like this video, go below and subscribe. Why should you do that? Every month, once a month, in our community tab that only my subscribers can see, I post all my old courses. This is like $20,000 worth of old courses, teach everything on how I build businesses, how I run my ads, how I sell everything. I'm giving it all to you for free cuz I'm so rich. I don't sell courses anymore. I just don't want to do it. It's just not a fun business model. I like selling software. So, I'm just going to give it all to you for free, but you have to subscribe. And then you'll see on the community tab once a month. So, here's the point I'm trying to make right here. How do we do this without risk? So, whenever I run live streams, which I do about once a week, you should subscribe to attend those as well. Number one question is, how do I do this thing without messing up? How do I do it without risk? How do I do it if I don't have any money? The the question behind all this is, how do I do this while avoiding failure? And I'll show you how to do it while avoiding grand failure that ruins your life here in a second. But the first thing you got to understand is what is failure? And what failure is is so for example when you lose at something you're embarrassed or it makes your life much harder. Okay, that's really the only two things that people really define failure as. So something that makes you look bad, so makes you look stupid in front of all the babes or makes your life harder and more difficult. So really what we need to do is we need to one eliminate both of these. So one, why would it be embarrassing to fail? Well, that's because you're giving too much credit to other people. Now, everybody can tell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what other people think. But let's look at the grand scheme of it. If you delay going and becoming wealthy for your entire life, for most of your life, people will already think you're a loser. They just don't think you're a big loser. Okay? So, it's better to even go out there and fail in a cataclysmic way. And people kind of think you're a loser than just by default thinking you're a loser for the rest of your life. And then when you go through enough failures and you get good at it and you become a winner, everybody thinks you're a winner. So the only way people are not going to think you're a loser is by eventually overcoming it anyways. So you're basically just setting for like being a three out of 10 on people's respect scale and settling for that so you can avoid temporarily being a one to eventually be an eight or a 10. It doesn't make any sense. On top of that, you could also just take the bigger route and just be an emotionally stable person, not give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what other people think because it's your life. You're the only one that's going to ever experience it. And shaming yourself for trying to become better and taking risks. Like for example, if you pick up a guitar and you're bad at guitar for the first year you're playing guitar, you're never going to become good at it if you let that stop you. If you let people think like, "Oh, he's he's trying to learn how to play guitar. What an idiot." If you let that stop you, you'll never be good at guitar. So, you'll never be good at anything. And you're letting a bunch of people shame you for trying to improve yourself. Stop being such a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] godamn it. I can give you any type of mental highQ, but maybe just stop being a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're going to be somewhere 40 years old. Do you think all the people you went to high school with are going to be checking in on you when you're 40? Do you think you're going to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what they thought about you when you were 20 years old? No. Just stop it. Okay. Thanks. Now, the next part of this is something that makes our life much harder. How do we avoid this? Well, a lot of people think when when they go and start a business, they start trying to get wealthy. They didn't have one go and make some big massive investment. That's just not true. The end. You can start small. You can start smaller businesses and you can scale them up. So, one that fear of failure right there, it doesn't exist. Next, the reason why people are really afraid and it makes their life harder is because they already have a lifestyle and everything to maintain. I'm going to give you just a little tip right here. If you want to go and let's say you're making 5,000 a month at your job or you're doing some freelance work or I don't know, something like that, maybe just get your lifestyle cost as close to zero as possible. Move to a little one studio apartment in Wyoming next to a grocery store. Don't have a car. Have a computer and just work from there. Oh, looks doesn't sound fun. You know what doesn't sound fun? taking the slight upgrade in having a car and living in a one-bedroom cramped apartment till you're 40 years old. That sounds like it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks, too. So, maybe just downgrade so your lifestyle is very low for a couple years until you're making good money and you're capable of making good money and then get the lifestyle. Don't don't try to get a mediocre lifestyle that you can barely fund and then continue that for the rest of your life. Have a absolute dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lifestyle that cost you nothing. Maintain that until you can make good money and then slowly upgrade the lifestyle so your lifestyle costs 10% of what you make. So, for example, all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you see me do, everything in my life right now cost me about 10% of what I make passively from my investments and in for my businesses every single month. So, like I have no stress whatsoever. And I take all sorts of crazy risk. If you've seen me in crypto, I literally gamble with multiple eight figures at a time there because again, if I lose all that, that's fine. That's fine because again, I've kept my risk or my lifestyle very low. You need to do the same exact thing. Now, here's the thing you need to understand. Finally, that's in the big picture right here. People think that you're going to go and play this game of Russian roulette in business and if you shoot yourself in the head, let's say there's three bullets in a chamber, you shoot yourself in the head, it's just game over. You're done. I'm going to tell you the truth here. In business, when you're first getting started, it's like playing Russian roulette with six bullets in a chamber. But what happens when you shoot yourself in the head is nothing if you go and build your businesses the right way. For example, on this channel, linked at the end of this video, is a full guide on how to get to your first 100k, 200k year business. breaks down everything you should be looking at right there. And then all the tactics you need are also on this channel. And those are going to show you how to start businesses where even if you fail, your life's not over. You just literally refresh your page and try again. The truth is though that the chance of failure is extremely high when you're starting business because you don't know what you're doing. Like for example, if you're going and wrestling for the first time, you're going to go wrestle in high school or something, you're not going to win your first few matches against other wrestlers. You're probably not going to win any matches for your first year if you're competing against anybody that knows what they're doing. Duh. That's fine. It's okay with this. This is the same thing in business because when you're playing in business, the other people that are making money are kind of more like those experienced wrestlers. You're not going to beat them your first time, but you eventually will and it's fine. So, what you have to understand though is once you get good enough in business, yeah, you're going to fail most of the time, but when you succeed, the return is 10, 20, 500x. For example, I started with $6,000 out of the military and I've been working on businesses for years. I have hundreds of millions of dollars in my net worth right now. I don't even know what the return is from that. You're not going to get that anywhere else. And the truth is in business, the rewards versus the risk are lopsided. For example, it'd be like if you went to Vegas and there's a 50/50 bet. You got black, you got green. I don't know what this drawing means right here, but as you can tell right here, the bet is 50/50. But if you win, it's a 20x instead of a 2x like it is in Vegas. This bet right here, the easiest way to make sure you win always is just take this bet every day of the week. Now, in business, it's even more lopsided. It's probably like one in six. Pretty bad odds. But if you look at the return, which is 500x, the reward to the risk is incredible. So what you need to do is position yourself in your life that you can afford to take that risk over and over again. What your path in business is going to look like is, yeah, you're going to start off, you're not going to make much. You're not going to make much. You're not going to make much. And it's going to click and you're going to get stuck here again. You're going to take risk and it's going to bobble up and down. And then it clicks. This process repeats. And so all you need to do is allow yourself the room to take these risks right here by lowering your lifestyle down that you can repeatedly take the risk over and over and over again aggressively and do nothing else but try and take that risk. So what it really comes down to is positioning yourself so you can be a chronic risk taker because eventually the risks pay off way more than the rewards because one money compounds on itself. The more money you have the easier it becomes to make money. But on top of that, the better you get at making money, the more skilled you are, the better you are at controlling these risks. You understand how to put the business together. Look, when you're five years into this, building businesses from scratch or doing anything that's really high value is going to be easy for you because you've gotten good at it. For example, if you're going and playing quarterback and a football team, the first year you play, it's going to be very difficult to play quarterback. But when you're on year 15 and you're playing college football, you're going to be able to operate at a high level that's easy by default. Are you going to be Tom Brady? No. You're probably not going to be the next Elon Musk. You're probably not make you're not going to make billions of dollars. But can you go out there and consistently be a good college quarterback if you try long enough and hard enough at it? Yes. And especially if you just take the risk because that's going to allow you to build the skill and then the compounding bumps you're going to see right here are going to occur. And so the true secret I've been trying to tell you this entire video and why I say it's not without risk. Yes, it is without risk, but the default path that most people take is guaranteed failure. So you don't even have a chance to win there. It's like you go to Vegas and it's just automatic loss. You put your money down and the dealer punches you in a dick and then blows his nose on your face. That's not that's not a good bet. I don't know who is. Maybe you're into that kind of stuff. I know we got some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that watch this channel. That's not what I'm looking for. And there's plenty of other channels on YouTube that will service that deep need you have. But if you're like a normal person who isn't like a grown man blowing his nose on his face and destroying your balls, the risk right here, the only way to avoid the risk of being poor and a loser for your entire life is to chronically take risk. And if you keep taking risks by the nature of how odds work, they will eventually click and one will win and it will pay you those huge rewards and you will get better. So you will win more often. So the inevitable way to avoid the risk of being poor forever, which is the thing we're trying to avoid here, is to take risk as consistently as possible and live a lifestyle that allows us to take risk. So when we go and we're first starting at starting our first businesses or learning skills or whatever, we are able to keep our lifestyle very low. So we can take that risk over and over again. Then we're going to bump up and maybe we're making 150k a year. We can bump up our lifestyle a little bit. You maybe get that big fancy one-bedroom apartment, maybe get a car, or you can be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] psychopath and just keep living in a trailer, which is kind of awesome. You should just do that in your 20s regardless. Then you bump up to making a million a year. Maybe you move out of the trailer. Maybe you remain a psychopath. Who cares? Then you get to $2 million a year. Maybe you finally move out of the trailer. Nah, unless you have a girlfriend, unless you get married, continue living in the trailer, continue smoking crystal meth and playing World of Warcraft on the weekends, that's the way to go. But you see what I'm structuring right here? If you structure your life correctly, there's really no risk to taking risk because you can take them over and over again. If you're playing Russian roulette and it's actual loaded bullets and one bullet gives you $10 million, the other five kill you. Yeah, that sucks. But the other five bullets in the gun don't do anything to you. They make they just make you lose a little bit of money that you get back. So, it's like being afraid of dying in a video game. If you're afraid of dying in a video game, you're just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, stop being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Go take more risk. That's the video.

================================================================================
TITLE: They SUCK, but these 10 rules make millionaires
VIDEO ID: 0wZpdLe2VXc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wZpdLe2VXc
================================================================================

Throughout history, humans have attempted to make list of principles and actions that will make them turbo wealthy. Ray Dallio has his principles. Tai Lopez has his 67 steps. David Kfu, whatever his name is, has a seven habits of highly effective people. Heck, even Amaroth has 15 creative ways to show side boob on Twitch and make tons of money on Only Fans. These list right here, it's the key to success as some people will tell you. But I have bad news for you. These lists all suck in comparison to what I'm about to give you today, which is Alex Becker's turbo super awesome list of 10 principles that will make you wealthy as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And why should you listen to me? Why should you put these principles to heart? Well, I built a net worth of almost multi-9 figures without leaving my house while sitting in my garage yelling profanity on YouTube. All these other people, they had to try and do stuff. I've just sat at this computer and doodled for 15 years and built this kind of net worth. And jokes aside, I had to build up this list a little bit to get your attention. These 10 principles right here, I have seen in myself and every single successful person I know. I can almost virtually guarantee if you take all these 10 principles I'm about to lay out right here and you put them into your life, you are going to make substantially more over the span of your lifetime than most people do and at least substantially more than you would without them. I cannot picture someone being successful and not having these things incorporated in their life. And if you just apply these principles, it doesn't matter what business tactics or what you're doing, you are going to be so much better at it than any other human being that you meet. And if you're looking for the business tactics, all the lessons in actually growing businesses, I have videos at the end of this video on getting from zero to a couple hundred thousand a year and in getting from a hundred,000 a year to a million dollars a year, all for free. I don't sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this channel. And if you really want to be an overachiever, subscribe to these videos because every single month I give away all my past business courses I used to make for free to every one of my subscribers in the community tab, but I only keep it up for a few days. And you have to be subscribed to see it. So subscribe, you'll get those. Let's begin. So look, I've saved the first and most important principle for the actual first slot. The first one is everything is absolutely your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fault. So, I told this story all the time and it makes people upset. So, I'm going to tell it to you as well because being offensive gets clicks on YouTube. So, look, if you go driving at 2 a.m. at night, let's imagine you're driving through and you stop at a stop sign and then you gradually go through the stop sign and then a drunk driver smashes into you. If you look at most people's opinions of the world, everybody would blame the drunk driver. He was driving around 2 a.m. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face coming home from the bar, probably pounding a six-pack. Of course, it's his fault. He hit you. It's not at all your fault. But how does that help you? I want you to think about this. In this situation right here, you just got t-boned by a drunk driver. Yes, it's his fault. But what good is it? What good does it do you even if it is his fault? What good does it do you thinking? If you just think, "Oh, well, it's all the drunk driver's fault. It's not my fault at all." None. You're still in the hospital or dead. So, you have to change the way you view the world. If we're driving around at 2 a.m., look at all the decisions we just made. We pulled up to a stop sign. We decide to go driving on a Friday night when we know drunk drivers will be out. We decide to drive in an area where drunk drivers might be. We didn't research where we were going to. We decided not to look both ways 15 times knowing that there's drunk drivers out before we pulled through that stop sign. These are all things that if you look down to the minute of it, we could have done to avoid this. So ultimately, us getting hit by that drunk driver in that situation is our fault. This is not how 99% of people think. And this is why they suck at life. Because when things are not your fault, it also means you're not in control. In this situation, if we blamed oursel for everything, including being hit by a drunk driver, we would have not gotten hit by a drunk driver. Now, if you think about life and all of your life using this principle right here, you're going to see a lot of things that have happened to your life that you blame on other people, you could have actually thought about and avoided. Therefore, they are your fault. And when you start viewing the world like this and not this victim mentality that things are other people's faults ever, literally everything is your fault. You start thinking in second, third, and fourth principles and way down the line of how to avoid and get what you want out of life because again, you are now firmly in control. Everything bad that happens to you and good is 100% your fault. That bad marriage, that girl that acted crazy, that failed business, that person that stole from you, that time you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your pants at that party because you ate too much Chipotle beforehand and then drank way too many four locos, all your fault. And thinking like this gets your brain thinking in ways that allow you to avoid all the bad things that happen to your life and then more so start thinking how you can trigger the good things by extra overthinking about the principles of everything you're going to do. This is critical to being successful. Number two, this is a good old Alex Herozi one and I think it's the most important thing you could also learn as well when it comes to guaranteeing that you're going to be successful. Volume overcomes luck. A lot of people think, okay, I need to build a business. I need to get lucky. But the truth is, if you do anything for 10 hours a day, 12 hours a day, four years, you're eventually going to get good at it. And so, I know so many people that I came up with in business, they got started the same time as me. Every single person that stuck with it for the last decade is making over a million dollars a year. Most of them make a lot more money than that. And the simple truth is, yes, if you only take one or two shots in business or one or two shots or whatever you're going to do, you're probably not going to be successful unless you have a little bit of luck. But if you do something at such a high amount, for example, if you try to build a business that's based around selling something through CallFunnels online, maybe your first five businesses won't work. But if you build 20 of them and put your full effort into 20 of them, one of them is going to work. So eventually, if you just do the volume and do the amount of hours, you will get the results that you're looking for. And in life, especially when it comes to control of money, getting that one result, that one time where your business works is going to set you up for the rest of your life. And eventually, the skill and volume of what you're doing is going to overcome the luck. So, what you need to focus on when you're building businesses or trying to get good at anything is, am I doing enough volume? Eventually, it will spill over and luck will not matter anymore. Number three, embrace being cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I talked about this last video, but I'm going to tap on again because it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important. Here's a video from me back 15 years ago when I was in a tiny little apartment, broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to launch my new SEO blog. Hey guys, what is up? Becker here and I have some really amazing news today. But first, have some absolutely terrible cringe. Imagine going to high school with me and seeing that video during those years and being like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Alex Becker looks like such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loser right now. He's not doing very well apparently." Super duper cringe. For example, last weekend almost I did the first or one of the biggest pump live streams on pump.fund fun in crypto if you follow me in crypto over there. Went absolutely horrible. Every single thing on Pump crashed. I couldn't get connected. It was just it was just terrible. And it was super duper cringe. I managed to pull it off in the end because I kept my cool. But everything just terrible. It was it was cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And the reason why I'm telling you to embrace cringe is if you look at both of those situations 15 years ago and even last week, I constantly hop into things even knowing that I'm probably going to mess them up. They're going to look bad and people are probably going to make fun of me. A lot of people made fun of me for the pump stream cuz it all broke. He doesn't know what he's doing. Fine, whatever. If you consistently go and embrace the cringe, what happens is to get to the point where you're skilled enough at something or to be great at something, you have to always jump in the stuff and not be good at it and it's just going to suck. A lot of people spend all their time reading, preparing, doing all the little things before actually jumping in the pool and they never become successful. Every single person that's very successful, they go and do things regardless of how the public is going to respond to them, regardless of how cringe and embarrassing they look. You're going to need to look pathetic and like you don't know what you're doing and things are going to go wrong when you're taking risk. And that's just part of it. And you need to embrace that because if you're not hitting parts in your life where things are cringe or you're putting yourself out of your comfort zone and being at risk and putting your ego at risk in the public square, you're never going to grow. So pursue being cringe. Just get over. It's part of becoming great. In order for you to become Tom Brady, you're going to have to go out on the field and throw 15 Lady Boy limp wrist passes and look like an complete idiot and then have to sit down and analyze why your passes, why your things you're doing are not working and then you get better. You cannot get better unless you analyze the initial [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show that comes when you first get started. So, embrace being cringe. Next, you get rich from leverage. For example, I was watching I I have a pretty big house in the suburbs cuz I'm an old man now. And I was watching the lawn care guys outside mowing my lawn and everything like that. And I was thinking, "Wow, they are working so much harder than me." I'm not putting them down. That is hard work. That takes That's a square nineto-five job right there. What I'm trying to point out right here is there isn't any shame or anything like that, but they are putting in so much more work dayto-day. Hard work. Brutal work in the sun. That is hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] labor. I had to do a lot of manual labor when I was in the Air Force. I know what it's like. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. I was watching this day and I didn't put any work in and I made over 100 grand that day while they were out there slaving away and they made far less than that. The point is hard work does not make money. You can work and work and work and work and work and it doesn't it doesn't do anything. What makes money is leverage. And I've talked about this in other videos and I'm not going to get as deep in it as I want to. It's explained in other videos. How to get to a million dollars per year. That video, whatever it's going to be at the end of this video. You get rich from leverage. A few examples of this means controlling assets when they are not perceived as valuable by other people. What you get when you start a business and then grow it. The asset becomes extremely valuable and then owning that asset is what makes you money. So, for example, at Hyros, if I were to go actually and just hire a CEO right now to run the business, I could make many, many, many millions of dollars a year just chilling out at my house because I own the business and I have leverage. On top of that, from a simpler point, at Hyros, we have a lot of employees and every single decision I make at Hyros results in thousands and thousands and thousands of man-hour per week. So, that's massive leverage behind a decision that might make me 30 minutes to make. This is why Jeff Bezos can make billions of dollars while working very normal hours because he thinks about his decisions and his decisions which are really well have rippling effects that result in millions and millions of manh hours. So as you're working, do not ever pursue being busy or hard work that doesn't make you money. Every ounce of work you do should go into gaining leverage by building systems that other people use that are applied so you no longer have to do the work or gaining control of assets and then growing the value of the assets or just getting the assets before people actually preserve their value which is a completely different game which I really don't suggest playing because that's not easy to control. For example, finding something like Bitcoin very early on and buying it. That's going to take a little bit of luck and a whole lot of other mojo. What you need to focus on is when you're doing work every single other day, think, is the work I'm doing today, is it going into building leverage that I can rely on later on to make me money without me doing anything or is it something I have to repeat over and over again? For example, doing sales calls for your business every single day. That is very low leverage. The amount of work you put into there, it doesn't lead to anything new. Going doing the sales calls, turning it into a template, training someone else to run your sales team, and then having them run that part of your business, that's building leverage, and that's how you need to view work. Next, the way people view risk is really stupid. It's very very stupid. A lot of people avoid risk. They think risk is very very bad. The truth is if you don't take any risk, you will never have any level of success. Almost all success comes from taking risk and being able to judge risk and then consistently take risk because the nature of risk is it often does not pay off. The biggest bets you're going to make probably have the lowest chance of paying off. And you have to find and be able to analyze risk and take good risk shots. The way you get better at taking risk is you take risk. As I grow in business, for example, when I first got started, most of the risk you're going to do comes from risking your time. As you grow, you start having to risk money, betting on products, betting on people, you need to set up and live your life in a way that you can take as much risk as possible. So, for example, when I was building high-risisk, I reduced all my personal finances nearly to zero. So, I could take a massive big risk on the business. And even if the business had failed, my finances were zero. So, I could take another risk after that and another risk after that. You're going to see the big difference between people that are wildly successful and people that don't really do much with their life is they absolutely never take risk. They go to college, no risk, actually gets them in debt. They go and work at a job and they just work, but they don't build leverage. They don't ever go and invest any of their money. They don't take any risk with their job or their careers. Therefore, what happens their entire life is they just end up a debt slave and not getting anything they want in life. Not taking risk is the safest way to make sure you fail 100%. consistently reducing your exposure to risk, which in most people's cases is just setting your finances to zero. So that even if a risk fails, you don't get hurt, and then taking risk over and over is the most surefire way to get extremely successful because eventually those risks are going to pay off and you're going to get better at controlling and manipulating those risk. So for example, when I built my first business, yeah, a lot of risk because I never built a business before. And even if the business did fail, I'm going to learn something from that. So the next time I take a risk on a business, I'm going to have a lot more skill to control that business and grow it. So the risk gets smaller and again I'm keeping my finances, everything very low so I can take that risk over and over again and get better at it each time. This is an almost guaranteed way to become successful in life. So next one, do not stay in your comfort zone. And a lot of people think this only applies to you when you're first getting started in business. For example, a lot of people the reason why they never become successful is they get comfortable in a job that pays them enough money that they aren't in any amount of pain, but it's not the amount of money that they really want to make in life. But to avoid the pain, they stay in that job. Comfort zones are going to find you at every single level. For example, I know a lot of guys, they get to $2 million per year and then they plateau for the rest of their life because they took risk to get to like a million, $2 million per year, and then they won't take any more risk or leave their comfort zone because now they're comfortable. They're making enough money again to not be in pain to feel some form of success, but they really want to get up here, but they're not willing to risk this right here and leave their comfort zone of everything that's cozy right here to get right here. You're gonna run into this every single level of success. And it's so important to recognize that, hey, I'm getting comfortable again and completely kick yourself out of it because this is the number one killer of very successful people. They get to a point where they're making some money and then they don't take any more risk. Same thing with lower level people as well. Would you need to recognize over and over and over again every single week when you wake up, am I comfortable? Am I doing something that scares me? Am I doing something that is making me a bit frustrated? If the answers are no, then you are in your comfort zone and you're going to be stuck at this level. And what you're going to realize as you get older is time goes by very fast and you run out of time to take risk. Building big businesses, taking big swings takes a long time. It's taken me almost seven years to build high risk. I only have like three or four shots of that in my entire lifetime. You have to not only stay out of your comfort zone. You have to do it very aggressively and recognize when you're doing it because you're going to end up wasting. For example, in my 20s, I got to like $2 million per year and I plateaued for years, like five years, and I didn't understand why. It's because I kept trying to do things I was comfortable with instead of taking big shots like Hyros as soon as I actually went and started taking risk and got out of my comfort zone. My net worth grew past 9 figures. It would not have happened if I didn't keep taking those risks and push myself way outside my comfort zone. So another principle that I actually learned from my buddy Sam Evans who I think he stole from someone else, but we're just going to credit Sam with this is it's something like if you fail to sacrifice for what you care about, what you care about will be the sacrifice. A lot of people do not sacrifice anything in their life. They have a bunch of friends that are kind of meh that they don't really like care that much about but they keep in their life. They have all these obligations to parents, family. They have all these obligations to their house, their lifestyle. They have all these stupid hobbies they know take away from their life. They have all these bad habits that they won't give up. If you look at most people, they sacrifice nothing. And if you look at their day-to-day, it's just full of nonsense and distractions and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What you need to understand is that there's things you really care about in life. And you can only have very few things in life. You can only truly excel at very few things. Whether it's building a family or being extremely rich, whatever you want to pick, becoming the world's greatest football player, in order to get these things that you really care about, you're going to have to look at the things that you don't really care about that you kind of like that you kind of don't want to give up, but are not going to be important to you on the day you die. For example, playing World of Warcraft or drinking every weekend with random strangers or acquaintances that you call your friends, but are really just drinking buddies. At the end of your life, you're going to look back and go, "Man, I really wish I had not wasted so much time doing those things cuz those weren't important and I didn't get any of the important things I wanted." If you you have to sit down and you have to audit what you actually care about in life and you have to look at the things that you do that take up most of your time that you don't actually care about and are not going to make you happy at the end of your life. And then you have to sacrifice them because if you don't, those things you care about will be the sacrifice. And it's as simple as that. Next good old basic thing that every beginner entrepreneur [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and almost every successful entrepreneur [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You're going to see the retardation follows you around your entire life. It follows me around all the time as well. I have to deal with this same exact problem all the time. Now, one thing is better than five things. If you look at most people who are billionaires, they became rich from one thing. And that's because in order to beat other people, for example, if Tom Brady was playing football and then he decided to put 30% of his time into playing basketball as well, he would have not have been the world's greatest quarterback at all, not even probably top 10. And he wouldn't have been good at basketball either. If you split your focus, in order to make a lot of money, you have to be the absolute best at something. And unless you're in a very small pond of inbred retards who aren't making much money in the first place, you have to be very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good because there's other people in the pond or the ocean that are willing to make those sacrifices to be the best. So, in order to be the best, you have to sacrifice a lot. And the only way you can beat those people that are true killers, cuz at a certain level, you're dealing with people only that are very smart, very competent, and they're willing to sacrifice. And the only way to really beat them is to outwork them and outsac them. And if you are not focused on one thing primarily, for example, I do crypto stuff as a hobby and it's always kept as a hobby. I never take it as the number one thing. My number one thing is highros. That's where most my net worth comes from. And that's probably the thing that's going to make me worth 500 million to a billion dollars if I keep pushing it. I have so many temptations to start new software companies and new things. And sometimes I do start new software companies, but I never am the CEO. I'm never actively running them. I hire someone else to run them. If it works, it works. I don't ever take it super duper seriously. My one thing is Hyros in the company I'm building right there. And what I see people constantly doing, what I did early in entrepreneurship is I kept starting new businesses and new businesses on top of my main business. So my main business was like 50% of my focus and the other businesses were 20 30 split across everywhere. The big results come from that 99th percentile of focus. That's the place where most people aren't and that's where you beat them at. A lot of people have a bunch of other things they split their life across. Your way to beat them is just doing that one thing. I cannot stress enough if you look at most people who are billionaires or most big companies, you can make billions of dollars just from one company. And the easiest way to make billions of dollars is to have one really good company instead of having 15. Very few people started 15 different businesses and then got to a billion, 500 million, whatever their goal is equally across all 15 of them. It's usually one big thing. So just do one big thing and say no to everything else. And you're going to have to make that call. It's boring. It's not fun, but it's the best way to become successful. And then finally, my last kind of mental echard toll kind of advice is you need to understand that the point of business or the point of success is the game itself. You will never find any more happiness than the point when you're able to pay your bills. So whenever you get to 100 150k a year and you're able to pay your bills without going and doing something you don't like to do every single day, that's your peak happiness. If you're not happy there, you're not going to be happy with $100 million. You're not going to be happy with $50 million. And there's never going to be any happiness or or long-term fulfillment you're going to get from business. You're going to get entertainment and joy from just playing the game. So, one thing I encourage you to do if you're doing business or trying to become successful at anything is just enjoy getting better at it. If you've ever played a video game, the most fun part is when you're leveling up and playing the game. You've probably noticed if you ever played a video game, when you get to the end of it, it gets very boring and dull and you just like it's the worst part cuz now you're out of things to do. It's the same exact way with business except people think once they get to some certain point they're going to be happy or fulfilled. You should be fulfilled automatically by playing the game every single day. That's what you're doing the game for. The the game is not to end the game. The point is not to end the game or get somewhere where you can just do nothing cuz you trust me, it's going to be like when you're playing a video game and you beat it, you're just not going to be happy anymore because you are getting fulfillment from actually playing. So, as you're growing in business, as you're getting better at things, just remember this is the fun part. You're already there. You already have the entire world if you can pay your bills. There's nowhere to go. There's no big box. There's no house you're going to buy. There's no bigger box you're going to live in. There's no car you're going to achieve. There's no possession you're going to own. no matter free time you're going to have that's going to bring you that happiness that you're lacking. What you need to do if you are h lacking happiness and fulfillment is look at how your life is structured right now. Look at your day-to-day routine and say what about this isn't doing it for me and why am I making myself so unhappy? And the real reason why a lot of people are unhappy is unfulfilled is because they're unhappy that they're not happy. They're not fulfilled that they're not fulfilled. You could just cancel that out and be happy and fulfilled immediately because again there's nowhere for you to go. There's no better place for your mind to be at. If you wake up a billionaire, you're still going to be the same exact consciousness waking up thinking, "What do I do today?" You're not ever going to escape that. And so, the attempt to escape that desperate need for fulfillment or lack of is where the unhappiness comes from. Just accept that you're good. Now, if you can cover your bills or whatnot, and if you're getting to that point, just accept, hey, I'm going to get to that point. I'm gonna grind out a little bit. It's going to kind of suck. Once you have those basic needs covered, you have nowhere to go. So, just enjoy playing the game. And ultimately, the point of the game is pointless. You're going to die. you're going to forget everything. No one's going to remember you. This entire point of this little dream we're living right now, life has absolutely no point whatsoever. So, whatever point you decide is the point is the most important thing. So, realize there's no point to the game. There's no reason to obsess with beating it as the point. The point of the game is to enjoy getting better at the game. The end. And that's going to make you a lot happier and allow you to accept whatever position you are in life right now with glee and live your life and just be happy right now versus thinking, "Oh, in 10 years when I finally make it, then I'll be happy." that's no way to live and that's just going to drive you crazy and you're going to get to that end point thinking you're gonna be happy and then you're going to be very unhappy because you're going to be like that person who beats the video game and you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do I do now and then you're going to be depressed all over again because you're basing your happiness around a bunch of stuff that is incorrect. So these are the 10 principles. If you have these 10 things in your life, you're going to be way more successful than other people by default cuz 99% of people just don't operate this way. just having these basic principles in your day-to-day life, focus on them, making sure you're adhering to them, they're going to be more successful. The end. So, that being said, if you want to actually see the business practices, I realize this is a bunch of mental mindset stuff. There's a video on this channel that shows how to get from zero to a couple hundredk a year, free. There's a video on this channel that shows how to get from a couple hundred a year to a couple million a year, free. There's also a video that shows how to get from a million a year to $10 million a year, free. If you want all the old business courses I used to make on sales, copywriting, building funnels, how I built my businesses, they're all for free on this channel, too. But you have to subscribe and I'm going to post in my community tab once a month. You will not see them unless you're subscribed. So subscribe. That's it. That's all I got today.

================================================================================
TITLE: After making 200 mil, this is my best advice to get rich
VIDEO ID: y4-lHe1YJl0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4-lHe1YJl0
================================================================================

So, I'm about to show you something pretty dark. This is deeply embarrassing to me. I'm getting irks just thinking about you seeing it. And I'm going to make myself vulnerable here and make myself look like a clown because what I'm going to show you in this video is probably the most important lesson I can give you on this channel. You can watch all my business tactics, everything I've laid out, and how I've built a near multi-million figure net worth. Nothing is more important than this right now. So, please watch this quick video. Hey guys, what is up? Becker here and I have some really amazing news today. But first, have some. &gt;&gt; Who is that guy? That's me fat in my tiny tiny tiny closet Harry Potter-like bedroom paying $200 a month where I blogged about SEO and then helped get people onto my SEO service. As you can tell by that video, I wasn't making a lot of money then and I was also very fat. I was a chunky chunky healthy boy because I was drinking White Russians every single night when I went out. In short, it is cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You watch that video like if you watched it back then, imagine being my friend or family member. You go on YouTube and you see that kid from high school that you used to hang out with or that friend you know or your son or whatever family member doing this with that little tiny bedroom being like, "Come, excellent news. We got my new SEO blog up. Come check it out." And then writing very poorly written content on the internet. You're just going to be like, "Oh my god, what a dork. What a failure. Oh, cringe. I'm so embarrassed for him." Now, the joke's on everybody who thought that way because within four to five years, I had taken that business that was super cringe terrible to a $400,000 per month business. It was called Source Wave back then. And of course, it started dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and cringe, but eventually grew to one of the bigger SEO brands in the space at the time and made me a multi-millionaire. But that's not the point of this video. The point of this video is I'm displaying to you my one superpower. I am willing to make an absolute clown on myself. I am willing to be cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the sake of progress. And I'm going to share with you the ultimate point here in a second. The reason why I am posting this video right now, and I'm I'm not making jokes or anything because this is that damn important is because I do a live stream every Sunday at 11:30 Eastern. You should come join it. Subscribe. Check it out. It's a it's a really nice place to be. But on these streams, I answer questions ranging from how to get your first customer to how to how to get a nice jawline. And then whether Muay Thai is better than jiu-jitsu and self-defense. It's a real aimless kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show. you you it's really terrible content. If you're used to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's on this channel, you're not going to be surprised. But the reason why I'm referencing that is the number one question I get is how do I get started doing this? Is this the right thing to do? Should I do this thing right here? What if I'm scared or risk or just everything people can do not to get started? And I'm going to tell you right now, the reason I think I've reached a level of success that other people rarely achieve is not because I'm extremely smart or talented or have some special ability. It's because I'm willing to make a cloud of myself and be cringe. I'm willing to be bad at things. For example, here's me doing jiu-jitsu early on. I posted this video online. People just rip me apart. Like, look at this old 35year-old dude trying to learn how to defend himself. I'm pretty good at jiu-jitsu now. I have about 800 hours under my belt. And I don't actively practice right now. But I was able to get my blue belt. And I set out in my first year to get my blue belt in my first year. And I did jiu-jitsu every single day for an hour and a half to two hours, six times a week. And I achieved my blue belt in record time at one of the toughest competitive gyms in Texas. I'm very proud of that and I'm going to get back into jiu-jitsu, but I'm really working on my business a lot right now. I just wanted to point out again, I am making an absolute ass of myself, internet, people just lighting me up. And while I'm not Jackie Chan or anything like that, I'm pretty proud of my accomplishment right there cuz very few people can do that. Again, here is me playing guitar early on. Again, I post videos like this early on when I was playing guitar. People just lit me up. And maybe if you're new to guitar, you you don't know much about guitar, that might sound okay, like progress. That's terrible, terrible, shameful guitar playing. Just just absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But again, I'm putting myself out there and making myself vulnerable and willing to go through that first period where you just suck at something. And the first time you ever do anything, here's the big lesson I'm trying to pass on to you. The first time you ever do anything, it is going to be cringe. It's going to be embarrassing. People are going to see you do and go. And the number one way to be successful beyond all the business tactics, beyond all the things I talk about on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] channel is you have to get started and you have to keep moving forward pass through the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the crap and initial period. If you can do this, if you can just do this one thing, you're going to be more successful than 99.95% of people because no one else gets past this point. They refuse to be seen as a clown. They refuse to be cringe. They refuse to be looked down upon. while their status in society is already very low. People go to college. People go and get these degrees. People do every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing they can to never be a beginner and just suck at something for a year or two. For example, if we're referencing jiu-jitsu here, and I'm not a jiu-jitsu master or someone who could teach jiu-jitsu, anything like that. It's just such an excellent metaphor for so many different things. So many people want to learn how to fight. They want to be able to defend themselves. They want to have confidence to defend themselves. And they never do it because that moment to get on the mat the first time and go be an absolute clown and just realize you're a defenseless baby, they just won't get past that point. And so they do everything they possibly can to avoid that. And what the result is they go through their entire life not being able to defend themsel from a baby child, a small wee man. They have absolutely no way if someone came up on the street and slapped them in the face and said, "Give me your wallet." They have no recourse whatsoever. And the same thing, again, it's not about beating people up. That's not the point. It's just such a good metaphor because people approach their financial lives the exact same way. The number one reason why most my friends or people I knew growing up didn't start businesses or try to go for the clouds is because they didn't want to be seen as losers. They didn't want to go through that sticky icky point because people would look down on that and make fun of them. You saw that first video. I'll play a quick little clip of it again. Then we're going to be going over our whole entire um SEO strategy that we've kind of combined together that's working so well. &gt;&gt; Ew. Ew. Dis like you feel bad for Alex Becker. Imagine back then viewing that before I had any level of success and being like, "Man, that guy is he's really doing poorly after high school." Oh. Oh. And in order for me to progress as fast as possible, I not only had to go and do this stuff hiding in my little bedroom, I had to actually go and put myself out there. I would have never been making YouTube videos. I would have never gone into crypto YouTube. I would never have the followers I have. I would never have been able to build a business and attract business at first if I didn't just go and put myself out there and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it and just go, you know, this is going to suck. This is going to be terrible. Just do it. And so the point of this video that I think you can probably deduce from now is you have to accept being cringe. You have to look at something and if you're not feeling cringe doing it, if you're not feeling uncomfortable, you're not going in the right direction. When you are in these states where you're cringe and you're putting yourself on stage and actually putting yourself to be judged, this is when your growth is maximized. If you look at every big successful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you look up to in any type of realm, whether it's sports, whether it's money-making, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it is, every single one of them has these little videos laying around the internet where they look cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and everyone's look at this dork. I would never be embarrassed like that. Thank god I just sit in my nineto-ive job with my chronic college debt and I never had to embarrass myself. And the secret, the truth is, if you don't go and accept being cringe, you don't accept being a clown a little bit early on and getting through that smudge, that sludge, that shitty period where you're the inexperienced newcomer who doesn't know what you're doing. If you can't accept doing that, guess what? For the rest of your life, you're just going to be a clown by default. You're going to be that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who's 40 years old and still making just enough money to cover your rent, and you're worried and stressed about money your entire life. You're going to be that person that can't defend themselves. You're going to be that person with no skills or talent and nothing remarkable about them because they just wouldn't be cringe. And what people don't realize is being able to do this is a superpower because when you put yourself out there to be judged, it's like pressing a rock with immense presser and you know that turns into a diamond. This is how you turn into a precious gem, a firework, let your color shine kind of video. But doing that puts immense pressure on yourself to actually get better and judge yourself and look at where you're going. A lot of people, for example, they'll play guitar in their their bedroom, never let anybody listen to it, never put themsel out there, be judged, and never like actually have to face the music that you suck ass. And so they'll sit there and it'll never progress. It's the same thing with their business. They'll do everything they possibly can not to get on the phone, not to put a video out there on YouTube, not to talk to people. They'll go set up businesses, LLC's, all the things, but they'll avoid the one point where they have to face the music that they suck and that they're kind of embarrassing. And if you can't get over that, you just won't be successful. But the joke is on all the people judging you. You're going to have people making fun of you no matter what you do. You're going to have people looking down on you no matter what you do cuz you're a beginner. But these are people that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobodyies. They've done nothing. They can't do anything with their life. There's nothing remarkable about them whatsoever because their biggest objective in life is not to be judged. The reason why people don't go and take [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] risks is cuz they don't want people to think of them as poor or look down on them. For example, if you lost all your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, what would be the worst case scenario? You get a minimum wage job, I don't know, and and get a cheap apartment and then try to make your money back again. Like that's the worst situation right there. The only thing that people are actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] afraid of when it comes to taking risk and making money is having their parents, family, friends, or whatever think they're poor and not successful. Okay, so your counter objective to that, the way you're going to fight that is just be poor and unsuccessful your entire life or just mediocre. That's what people are doing when they go to college. That's what they do when they sit on the jobs they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate. They avoid everything in their entire life. They avoid every point of success in order to protect their egos or how they believe other people view them. And it's absolutely ridiculous because you end up sacrificing everything in your life, every progress you do because you're afraid of what other people think of you that don't even think about you or care about what you're going to do with your life. They're going to cringe for one minute and then they're never going to think of you ever again. And then when you do this, once you get past this point where you suck and it's cringe, look, I'm not going to say, for example, that I'm now a jiu-jitsu master and I can play guitar and like look at me now. I'm playing on Z. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck at both of them kind of in my opinion. Those are just my hobbies. But when it comes to business, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. And what's going to happen is when you get past this cringe point, you're going to get to the point where people are like, "Oh, okay. Well, it looks like he's making progress and they just stop thinking about you all together." Then you're going to get to the point where you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great and people are like, "Oh, you know, he got lucky or you know, he's just got some super duper talent." For example, people saw Alex make $100 million in one day and all they're focused on is like his pitch and all the things of that. They haven't seen all of Alex's videos back like 10 years ago where he's like in a little dark room talking about his gyms. He's been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever. Like what you just saw was the culmination of 10 years of getting through crunge and sludge and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And nobody focuses on that. They just look at and go, "Oh wow, he must be so talented. I wish I wish I had that ability." And it's because you have to accept being cringe. And so my last words to you on this is I think I've made the point when you are going out there. Number one, if you are starting something, there's going to be these things you resist doing. Almost every single one of them is connected to public shame. People start the business, the main thing they don't want to do is sell on the phone or sell to somebody or put themselves out there on YouTube or social media, even though it's the most effective thing. Just do it. It's like again with jiu-jitsu when you go out there and you're wanting to learn how to defend yourself. The hardest part of actually doing it is actually starting getting on the mat, putting on your little bathrobe the first time, meeting some strange man you've never met before, and rolling around with him and just getting toppled and having him sit on top of you and you can't breathe. Like, you just don't want to go out there and admit the fact that you're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's the hardest part about starting any combat sport. You have to go face the music that you're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] especially when you're older. Imagine being 35. You go walk into a jiu-jitsu room for the first time, never defended yourself really in your life. We're in a little bathrobe and you just have to roar around with a Brazilian man. It's very awkward and it's like a weird experience. If you feel that ick that I just kind of described right there, you that's the sign you need to go do it cuz that's the thing you know you need to do. People just go around like I said before and they play with playing business. They go make a website. They go build an Instagram but they don't post on it. They they get an LLC. They write out all the little things they're going to do and then they like do everything possible not to face that one moment where you have to actually go and face the world with your business and talk to people when you feel like that. Number one, just do it. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] end. Now, how do you get past this just a little bit? What is something you can tell yourself to do it? You have to realize that the way you're viewing yourself and the way the scope of what you view your life is wrong. Let me explain. The way most people view themselves is not by how they actually think and view themselves. They view themselves by what they believe other people think of them or how other people view them. So they think about themselves, what they think other people think. Let's break that down for a second. So one, who you are and everything about you. If you were just looking at yourself through that guy in the computer I put at the beginning of it. If I was just me in a vacuum right there, what am I? Who am I? I'm a guy that wants to change his life and be better and more successful and not have to worry about money and all the good things that come with self-rowth and development. There's nothing shameful about that at all. But the reason why people won't do that is because they think that other people are going to think that they're a failure. So what they're doing is it's not even what people think of them. Because if someone watches that cringe video or sees you doing something cringe, they're going to go e make fun of you for a second, talk about you maybe a little bit, and then never think about you again. The truth is people don't think about you at all. No one really cares that much until you're doing something really big. If you're not important and doing big things in the world, no one thinks about you at all. But what people do is they base their egos around what they imagine that other people think about them, but the truth is they're not being thought about them. So you're creating this archetype or this persona or this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] narrative in your head where you're thinking other people are sitting around thinking bad things about you and then you think that is you. That is that that ended situation right there is you. When the truth is that's not you. We go back to the base one. You're a person that wants to actually change your life, make your life better. Two, people aren't even thinking about you. So you're imagining what other people are thinking about you and then using that to frame who you are as a person. It's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and ass backwards. And it's the most effective way to stop yourself from doing literally anything. And so what you need to do is you need to take it down to the base level. Who are you actually when you are doing this cringe terrible stuff? For example, me playing guitar like a 5-year-old baboon. Who who am I actually right there? Am I the world's worst guitar player and doing something shameful? Well, yes, I am probably the world's worst guitar player. But what I am doing is I'm a person who's trying to elevate my life by adopting a hobby that I've always wanted to do and get good at. And I'm putting myself under pressure and sharing my progress with the world. That's that's who I actually am in that video. I'm not some embarrassing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dork. I can't actually I am. But I'm fine with that because if you go back to the base level, I'm that first person who wants to improve his life and do something new and be great at a whole bunch of different things. What's shameful or embarrassing or cringe about that? Absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nothing. The only people who would actually judge that and be mean about that are people who are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers. Trust me, there is no one that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] successful that's making millions and millions of dollars per month or year or whatever. No one you look up to who's successful that's going to see you trying see you making an attempt at something and being bad at it and laugh at you and think you're cringe. Like they're just one, they're just not going to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like they got other things going on. Two, if they see that there's not enough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in their body to actually care that you're embarrassing yourself. Three, if they're nice or whatever, they're going to be like, "Oh, I remember being like that." That's it. And so you really should think about that as well because all the people you look up to and all the people whose opinion actually matters, that's what they're going to think. And so you're worrying about the opinions of people that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers. Like no one has time to cringe at you or care or laugh at you unless their life is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pathetic that that's like the highlight of their day. And so the highlight of their day is being mean to somebody that's trying to be successful. That person is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mud person. They're irrelevant person. They're a subhuman. Why? Why even care? These are people that go on Twitter, post angry posts, and get zero likes or leave comments and videos. Like, why would you care about these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mud people's opinion? You want to care about what the Tom Brady's of the world would think about you, which is one, they don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, but if they do see you trying, they're going to be like, "Hey, I remember being like that. I remember not not being able to throw a football correctly or whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing I was doing." So, backing all up in this video right here, be cringe. Accept being cringe. More so, pursue being cringe. Try to be as cringe as you possibly can be without being a flaming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bag of Cheetos dick about it. But again, pursue being awkward. Accept being bad. Accept being cringe when you try new things. Accept that people are going to look at and be like, except the first time you're going to look back on videos of yourself like this or whatever you're doing in your business and go like, "Oh my gosh, what was going on then?" This is part of the process and the process that gets you to where you want to be in life. And if you don't do this first part of the process, you can't get all the other good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, just love this part of the process because it means you're actually growing in the right direction. That's it. What if you want to actually see all the videos and stuff on how to actually achieve stuff and business and whatnot, I'll link below this video. If you want to see how to get from zero to a couple hundred thousand a year, there's a video on that. 100% free. If you want to see how to get from a couple hundred thousand to a million per year, there's a video on that. Absolutely free. If absolutely free. If you want to see how to get from a million to 10 million per year, there's also a big video on that. All absolutely for free. No courses, anything being sold because uh that's it. Go be cringe and awkward. You'll It's the right thing to do.

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Make More Than 99% of People Working 3 Hours A Week
VIDEO ID: 3AO3tO83Wdw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AO3tO83Wdw
================================================================================

Oh boy, look at the title of this video. How to work one hour a week and make millions of dollars per year. Oh, that just screams sleazy late night sweaty, sweaty, sweaty infomercial, doesn't it? And look, that title might even make you a little bit mad. You might come here on this video thinking, "Oh, this guy's going to sell some sleazy get-rich quick course." And all I have to say is maybe the problem's with you. There's a reason why you click this headline. It's because you are a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You want to work one hour a week, spend the other 39 hours a week making waifu tier list on Reddit, and make millions of dollars per pure. that's why you clicked it. I'm not the problem here. And to add on to that, instead of being the problem here, I'm actually going to deliver this for you. In this video, I will break down the process you can actually legitimately use to work 1 hour a week and make millions of dollars per year. I am not joking. There is no hyperbole. I've in fact used this process to build a net worth of multi-9 figures. And I've scaled up what I'm going to show you in this video. And while I work a lot, because I want to make that much money, I'm going to show you to shrink it down to very few hours a week and then make lots of money from those very few hours. See, the thing is, realistically, I could probably work about 3 to four hours per week and make millions and millions of dollars per year. I don't do that because I like to make tens of millions of dollars per year and I eventually want to make hundreds of millions of dollars per year. But you don't have big goals. You're kind of an average 5 foot2 neck beard kind of guy. You make a few hundred,000. You could sit in your mom's basement, collect Pokemon cards, and never talk to another girl again. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate them, too. Which is what my goal is for you in this video. And also, FYI, I've also used everything I'm going to show you in this video to get comedically rich. So, I don't have a course or anything to sell you. It's all just going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be here clear as day. And all the skills and tactics you need to actually apply this after you understand how to view this, they're all on this channel. They're all here for free. There's nothing for sale here. Let's get started. So, look, I'm sure if you're watching this video, you like money and you want to make lots of money. And I'm sure if you also are watching this video, you don't like to work. You've probably read all the books like the four-hour work week and all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's on YouTube trying to sell you some passive income lifestyle business from your laptop travel to Bermuda with Only Fans girls kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And at this point, probably none of that has worked because I'm going to tell you straight up as a person actually knows how to make money. All that stuff, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everything I'm going to tell you right here is the truth. And my business model is not convincing you that you can be free and make money and live in Bermuda and bang other equally short women on the beach. No, no, no, no, no, no. This is how to actually make a ton of money while working very, very little. And you have to build up to it. And then once you understand this process, it becomes quite clear. So the first thing I have to tell you is ddownload all that stuff you've been taught about. It's all it's all nonsense and it takes too long to learn. Anyways, I'm going to fix this all for you in like literally 10 minutes. So, here's the thing. And as I do this, I will put waifuss in the corner for you because I know you're ADHD. You can't go anywhere without touching your dick or watching a Tik Tok real. So, I got to keep your attention because this is very, very important to your future. If you do this, you're going to be able to print money for the rest of your life. So, let's get rid of this problem right now and make you a very rich rich, albeit very short man. So, look, I'm sure you've been told this before if you're into any type of money-making, but we're going to start from the basics. A lot of people think that work and hours in equals money out, and this is just not true. For example, I can I I went to New York City about a week ago and I drank profusely for the first time in a long time. Just just really getting nice and drunk and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everywhere I went. It was fantastic. As many old fashions as I could possibly have. My liver is going to die. That being said, during that time frame, I made hundreds of thousands of dollars. I actually sent a few text messages and closed almost a million dollars worth of business while I was there. And trust me, I wasn't working. Okay? I wasn't. So, obviously, that's not true. you can make infinite amounts of money regardless of the amount of work you put in. Now, in that same time frame, there was people that were, I don't know, mowing lawns or doing landscaping. They were working like 20, 30 hours that same exact week and sweating their dick off. Have you ever seen that? That that's hard work. Okay? When people get on the internet and tell you to work hard to succeed, what I do isn't hard work. I sit in front of my computer and scream at you and play and diddle with my team and build cool stuff at my software companies. I don't consider that hard work. going out there and doing landscaping work, mowing lawns. That is that is balls deep hard work. Like that's that's scary. I wouldn't make it if I needed to do that. I'm far too lazy for that. But again, these people put in way more hours of work, much harder work than I was. I wasn't even working that weekend and they'd made one zillionth of what I made that weekend. So, you need to get out of your head that work hours and work effort equals money. This doesn't mean you don't need to work hard. What it means is that you need to understand how to put your work in so that then it starts paying dividends no matter what you're doing. And then you work hard with this method and you'll be able to print unlimited money like I was talking about early in this video. So here's what this actually means and I'm going to put this in perspective of becoming a YouTube creator. This applies to everything in business. It does not just apply to YouTube. This is just going to make it very easy for you to understand. It's a great metaphor. So what this ultimately comes down to is leverage. This means being able to do very very little and make huge amounts of impact with that little bit. So instead of having to put our full weight into moving a 1,000 lb boulder or in your case that extremely fat heer that most of you date, they they're heavy. All right, look, you're going to have to put on some serious muscle. You're going to carry her on her wedding day. That is a that's a big that's a big lass, but I know you guys are in the chunks in this channel, so that's fine. I accept you for you. Anyways, what is way better, the better way to carry your ridiculously fat girlfriend is you need to set up leverage, which is for example, we can set up a pulley system where instead of having to use your full body weight and put your entire 5'2 mass in the listing, this 6'4 Amazonian whale that you your lady uh you could instead just move a finger and you could lift her all over the place. She wouldn't even need to move anymore. She could get even more chunky. Okay? All right. So, you get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] point of what I'm saying. We want to make it so that we can use very little effort to get huge results. Now, how do we do that reasonably? So, I'm sure you've been told what I just told you billions and billions of time if you've watched money-making YouTube at all. It sounds really cool in concept, doesn't it? But how do you actually do that? That's what the other YouTubers aren't going to tell you. I'm going to tell you how to actually do that because you have to start from the base level and then you build out from there. So, here's exactly how you would build massive leverage as a content creator. So, let's say you are going and making a YouTube channel. And again, do not put this all into becoming a YouTube creator. I'm not telling you to become an influencer. I'm telling you to view all work in business like this. So, look, let's imagine you're making YouTube videos. And so, what does your work involve when it comes up with making ideas, all right? And let's say this is your superpower. You're really good at making ideas. There's filming. Okay? And this is this there this there's going to be a lot of writing and drawing in this video. This is going to come out very bad. It's going to be editing. It's going to be writing scripts. It's going to be distributing content a bunch of things like this. Okay. So, excuse me here. I'm I'm really trying to write. I'm seeing the flaws in presenting via a $2 uh content setup. All right. So, look with these things right here. Let's imagine each of these takes I don't know uh 1 2 3 4 5 10 hours a week of work. Okay. We're not we don't need to be specific or correct here. The point of this video is the point of this video. So, focus on gathering the point. So, imagine doing all of this, this 50 hours of work equals one video that does really well on YouTube and makes you $1,000. So, let's say you're making 4,000 a month with this. One video a week, 1,000 a week, 4K a week. Okay, let's imagine you you reach some level of confidence in YouTube making your first business or whatever making 4K a month. Very, very low level business. So, you have all this working right here. What we need to do is we only have these 50 hours. Let's imagine we can't work 120 hours a week. What a lot of people do is they're like, "Grit your teeth and work harder. P yourself the dick." And that that works until a certain point. Let's say we double this to 100 hours a week and then we're making 8K a month. Again, we get back to my analogy where I'm closing millions of dollars worth of business just by sending text messages on a phone. Clearly, this is not the way. Okay? If you look at Jeff Bezos, if you look at anyone who's a billionaire, they make hundreds of millions of dollars for probably about an hour of action. Again, there is no connection here between working. They don't work these amount of hours. If you look at Jeff Bezos, he works like 40, 50 hours a week max. So again, we have to find ways to leverage our time so it gets maximum impact. Going and working another 100 hours is not the way to do that. So we're going to get that type of mindset out of the way. So look at this point again. We're making 4K a week. Now let's imagine that the source of all of our secret powers is the ideas. This is why the videos really make money because you are original here. This is where the creativity, this is where all the good ideas, this is where the sauce is at. All this other stuff down here is work. So, what could we do? So, we're making $1,000 a week, $4,000 a month. We could go instead from this 4K a month and take $200 and pay someone to edit the video once per week. Even if they're not as good as at anything as we are, we could train them up and teach them and give them advice and everything like this. So, we can remove this 10 hours a week from what we're doing. So, we're paying them $200 per week. And now we're going and making 1.2 2 a week because now we can make almost 1.2 videos a week. So we can increase our output to five videos per month and this would take us to 5K a month. Now again, we just increased our cost by $200 per week for having that editor. So again, we're breaking even right here. But what I want you to look at right here is that now we're working 40 hours a week to make the same amount of money as before. Okay? So that 5K that we were making now, remember the 4K we're making before, what we did is we took $1,000 and we gave it to that editor every single month. So, we're still making 4K a month, but we're doing it with less hours. Do you see how that works? That's how we just gained leverage. Okay. So, then let's imagine we're making that 5K a week. We do the same thing with distribution. We hire a distribution team. Okay? And we take that and we go and take another $200 out a week to pay them. Okay? So, now we have distribution team. This has cut our time in half. And so, now we're again making 6K a month for the original 4K a month to still be coming in. But look what we've done here. We've taken 20 hours off our work week. And so you're starting to see how we're actually starting to get way more money for our time by allocating money to leverage. Okay? Again, we were working 50 hours a week before. Now we're working 30 hours a week. You see how this works? So let's imagine what we're able to do now is we've we've mastered the the ability to come up with ideas, the ability to film ourselves, and the ability to write really good scripts. Okay. So what we could actually do is we could find someone that can write scripts just as well as we can. Okay. Okay, we find someone that can write scripts as well as we can. We again start paying them 200k or 200 $200 a week to do this as well. So, this is going to again cut another hours out of our our work week where now we're making 7K. You see the same exact pattern. We're still making that 4K. Don't worry, I'm going to show you where this gets juicy here in a second. So, only thing we really have left to do is come up with ideas and film. All right, so now we're in 20 hours a week making the same 4K that we originally making right here. You see what we have now is leverage. So, what could we do now? We have that other 30 hours that we had before completely free. So, what could we do? Well, we could actually go and double our output right here almost. We could get to almost 2.5 videos a week. So, now all of this doubles. We can get to 8K a month in actual income because now we've doubled our videos coming in while paying our team. Okay? So, we're going to be making almost 10k a month right here because our output is so much better. All right? So, you see what we're doing right here. We have this extra 30 hours right here to make double the videos. And these are the things that actually make the money. And this is where you get the high amount of ROI from your time. That $1,000 a week that was coming in before wasn't coming from this right here. It was coming from these two things right here. And now we can do double of them. So now we're still paying our team double per week. Remember we were paying about a,000 per week before. Now we're paying about 2,000 per week because the output is doubled. But the thing that's actually making all the money, the ideas in filming is now doubled the output. And we're working the same amount of hours that we originally working but making double the money. You see how that works? This is how you need to start viewing everything. Now, if you're an entrepreneur, you're going to realize that the filming and the filming isn't even important. The only thing that really matters is the ideas. So, what you could do is you could actually hire someone else. This is what an entrepreneur would do. And you have them do the filming, you have them do all the videos, you have the team make the script, and you just have ideas. So, literally, the ideas were the only thing that were making money right here. You've lowered it down to 10 hours a week just making ideas. And what you could do at this point right now is you could do two things. one, you could just coast. And so this is how you work a couple hours a week and make a lot of money because we've set up so much leverage and only reduced our work down to the thing that makes the money, which is the ideas. Okay? So, if we wanted to be lazy, we could just stop working right then and focus on working only 10 hours per week making the ideas, which is the thing that makes money. But if we want to make a lot of money and 5x this business, we take all this stuff that we used to be doing and then we 5x the work right load right here and we spend 50 hours a week making ideas or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] else we want to do or improving the ideas and moving the business forward. So, let's back up real quick in case this isn't clear. At the start of this, we were working 5 hours or 50 hours a week to make $1,000 per week. What we slowly did is we started buying our time back by allocating the editing, the script, the distribution, the film. And again, remember the ideas is the only thing that's actually making the money here. This is where all the money, that $1,000 per week comes from. And what we're able to do with this is allocate more and more time to the thing that actually makes the money to the point that we can reduce down to the money. It's the ideas. It's the ideas. For example, if you look at Apple, all the the manufacturing, all the work that goes in, the millions and zillions of man-hour go into making an iPhone aren't actually what made the company rich. It was the sitting around and making ideas and the original product and the design of the product and the few things that go into how the app store and everything work. You got to think about think about the iPhone. How does it make really so much money? It's that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Apple eyes store that people use and they make 30% of every single business on there. How long do you think it actually took to build compared to how much it makes? Leverage. So what you're seeing right here is we reduce down to the only thing that's making money. And so if you want to work very very few hours, what you reduce down to is the thing that's actually making the money. And then you just keep it right there. You could keep it to 10 hours if you want to make that same type of income. But if we want to 5x our income, what we then do is this is where I talked about working harder. We can then 5x our workload on the thing that's actually making money and get everything else out there. So we're making maximum leverage of our time. This is how you make a ton of money. So for example, let me lay this out for my company. So I have a wonderful amazing team. That's the reason that we're successful. What I do at Hyros my company is mostly come up with the ideas in product design. Okay? And then I pass these ideas and the vision and the mission for the team. And this results in for every single hour of ideas or anything I put together, this results in hundreds of hours of actual manpower and work being put behind those ideas. And so every single time I go and do 30 minutes of work and thinking and then I pass that to my team, it results in hundreds, thousands of hours of work. Jeff Bezos, for example, when he has an idea or something to change in the company, it's the same exact thing multiplied times a million because he has a million employees backing that one thing. So I'm not saying that you need to learn how to hire employees or anything. I'm saying you need to have different ways to turn your time into leverage. So for example with AI right now or editing for example if I was in the same situation right here where I was in that type of business where I need to spend my time editing what I could do is I could reduce the amount of time I edit by learning AI skills to reduce it from town hours a week to 30 minutes a week and then bam I bought my time back again and I'm able to then either reallocate it into the thing that's making money or just not work anymore. And so what you're looking at, for example, at Hyros, what I've done and any other software company or any type of business out there, once you've built a business to a certain point and you've hired people to do the roles, the maintaining, the managing of payroll, the customer support, the leading of customer support, all those things right there, I can actually not show up to work at my software company for months if I wanted to. Heck, I could even hire another CEO and I could reduce my workload down to one hour a week if I wanted to and the company would not grow in the same way. my income would not be growing because that's my job as an entrepreneur is to gain more leverage and grow the company, not work in the company. But you see right there, if I wanted to go and maximize my amount of free time, I could just hire a CEO from all the systems and leverage that I built and then he manages the leverage that I built and I just tell him what to do maybe in a two-hour meeting every single week. And that right there is how I could make millions and millions of dollars per year working very little. Yes, I'd have to keep giving up money. You saw as we kept going down that leverage chain, we kept having to go and hire high hire more and share more of our revenue. But then we kept putting time and manpower and and leverage behind the thing that's actually making money, which was the ideas. And the core of making money is not ideas. That's not what I'm trying to say here. I'm saying recognizing the things that actually make the money. And as we give up that money for our time and creating systems and leverage, what we gain is more time back to the thing that's actually making money. And eventually, it's just going to keep growing because you're focusing on building more leverage for the same one hour of time or 50 hours of time you have per week. And that'll keep growing. And there comes a certain point where the leverage is so high that you can either just buy all your time back by giving a little bit more away. So for example, if I hired a C at Hyros, let's say I'm making, this isn't my income right now at higher. I'm making much more than this, but let's say I'm making $5 million per year. I could go and take $2 million per year of that, give it to a CEO and someone to run a company, and then I'd be at $3 million a year not working. And I could do that over and over again. I could go and build another business that makes me three million. This isn't efficient. I'm just stressing out the idea that I want you to take away from this. I could go and start another company that makes me $3 million per year, $5 million if I was actually running the company. Give us give that to a CEO, boom, I'm making $6 million a year not working. That's how you have to understand how time and money correlate with each other because all this time I'm building leverage. And so what you're doing is instead of putting 50 hours a week into working, you put 50 hours a week into leverage and building systems and focusing on the thing that actually makes I'm not going to spell this right at all, but you get it. putting all the time and money into building leverage and then eventually that leverage gets so high that you can hand the leverage off to someone else or you can keep managing it and increasing the leverage and growing the company. And this is how you become either a person that works very very little but makes a high amount of money or a person that works a ton and makes a ton of money. This is the same system for both of them. I've used a scale to where I am and having a multiple nine figure net worth. But that's because I work every single day. I've been working every single day for 15 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years. I could have cut it all off years ago, a decade ago, and been making 500,000 million, $2 million per year pretty easily. But I I want I want to keep growing. I enjoy doing this. It's a lot of fun. So that's what I'm doing. If you want to do the opposite and work very little, you do the same exact thing. It's the same exact thing. No matter what you're doing, you're always focusing on leverage. So that's the video. I think I delivered the sauce. The sauce has been delivered. You should follow me on Instagram because I have all my courses and everything there for free. And uh also every business tactic I've talked about in this video, whether it comes to building, selling ads, everything I've used to grow my business, they're all on this channel. Here's a few videos right here that show you how to start and get to a couple hundred,000 per year. There's another video that shows you how to get from a couple hundred,000 per year to a million dollars per year. There's even one that shows you to get from a million to 10 million per year, and that's a really cool one, and it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] free. I'll see you later.

================================================================================
TITLE: How I'd Invest $2000 In My 20s To Be RICH At 30
VIDEO ID: GI3nLBkvtas
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI3nLBkvtas
================================================================================

All right, you jenzy and goofy little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Title this video it's accurate. I'm going to be showing you how to turn a small amount of money that you obtained in your youth into a large amount of money by the time you're 25, 30, or all moldy past 35. And I'm qualified to tell you about this because I too, like you, was a goofy little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at one point. Broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the military, absolutely flat broke. And I turned a small amount of money into multiple millions of dollars within a few years using the tactic I'm going to show you in this video. But wait, there's more. I've actually used this technique to build a net worth of nearly multiple nine figures, which means that I'm actually rich enough that I don't have to sell you a course like everybody else on YouTube. I'm just going to show you to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do this. Let's begin. So, first off, you have to understand how people actually get rich investing and how money is made in general. This is the main misunderstanding right here. Money is not made by investing in things at all. The way you make money is by obtaining assets, very valuable assets, not including being able to spell or draw. That's stupid. Don't ever learn how to do that. Rich people do not use grammar. They don't spell correctly. And when you draw stuff, everybody automatically loves it because you're rich and they want some of your money. So, don't learn about those things. What you need to actually understand is that the way you get rich is by obtaining assets for much, much much less than they're worth. This is usually done by obtaining assets before the value of them is recognized or finding assets when they're very, very cheap and forcing their value to be extremely high. I know none of that makes sense. Don't worry, it will by the end of this video. What you need to understand about this is that when you have, let's say, $5,000 when you're young, $1,000, maybe even $250, okay? Instead of putting this in your World of Warcraft account character, you need to understand the best way to deploy this. Now, most of you have been listening to your parents or your families or whoever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you listen to about money that is poor, which means they're they're not that good at making money, and they're going to tell you, well, you need to go invest this in the stock market or a Roth IRA or or Pokemon cards or stuff like that. Now, while Charizard Pokemon cards are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic, this is not how you make money. Because what you're doing when you're buying into the stock market or anything that has agreed upon value, so it's recognized. Everybody knows it's valuable, is you're not going to turn this money into a lot of money because the value is already understood. So, Amazon stock is $300. Everybody understands it's $300 and you understand it's worth billions of dollars. You're not going to make a lot of money by going investing in something after everybody agrees it's worth billions of dollars unless it goes and 10x's from billions of dollars. And what would happen in that situation? That situation right there, you invested something before the actual real value was realized. So you saw something early before other people. You're not going to do that with Amazon. You're not going to do that investing in Nvidia. Maybe if 10 years ago you invested in Nvidia before people agreed on the value of the asset, you would have gotten extremely rich, but you're not going to be able to do that. And so I want you to really think first off that normal investing is not how you're going to get rich. You might as well not even consider that while you're young. For example, I have a net worth. Closing in on multiple nine figures right now. With my stock portfolio, my investments, with my ownership, my companies, if those things go up just 5% a year, I'm making tens of millions of dollars. I can pull that off because I've already obtained a large amount of value that is slowly going up. But you don't have a large amount of value to start off with. So what you need to do is you need to view money and how you invest money very differently. So the big question comes back to rule number one. How do we obtain assets for way way way way less than they're actually worth? Or how do we find assets that are basically free and turn them into assets that are extremely valuable? Well, there's two ways you do this. It is with two things, skill and risk. So what do I mean by this? This is actually a a chicken before the egg scenario. It actually loops back into it each other over and over again. Here's what I mean. So, the main way you're going to make a lot of money is by being able to take really smart risk and deploy money into these risks. But the main problem right now is that you cannot generate money. You don't have a lot of money. So, we need to actually forget this step right here. This is where traditional investing is or investing in something early on or whatever. You can't take a lot of risk. You can't throw a lot of money at risk until you have that actual money. So, the first thing you need to actually obtain is skill. The skill is going to allow you to obtain money and it's going to allow you to invest this money in risk. But then the skill factor again comes into play because if you have enough skill, you can actually invest in risk or create things that are risky and then use skill to force or mitigate this risk aka lower the chance of failure down and then actually improve the odds of the asset becoming extremely valuable. For example, if you go and invest money in a company that you're also the CEO of and then you have enough skill to grow the company. The company is worth $0 at first. Let's say you put in, I don't know, $5,000 in the company to build initially. You get the company to 50K a month. This company is now worth at least $1 to $2 million. And so that little $5,000 investment did this right here and generated you a return you will never see in crypto. You will never see in stocks. you will never see from that professional gaming career you're you're trying to pursue right now. It's not going to work out. It's okay. Don't worry. I wanted to be a Super Smash Bros. Pro back in the day. It didn't work out very well either. Thankfully, screening poop jokes on the internet worked out exceptionally well for me. So, you're not going to be lucky there either. You're probably not going to be a YouTuber. Let's face it, you're 5'2, not very good-looking. You're going to have to do what I'm going to show you right here. So, look, you're probably thinking right now, "Okay, great. This guy's just telling me in a in a very long- winded way to start a business." No. What you need to understand as I press control C over and over again and present to you in the most dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lowquality way possible is that you need to view money and time differently than other people especially when you're young. So what you need to do is we need to focus on this skill thing first. Okay. So what we need to do is we need to buy ourselves time and the ability to learn. Okay. Okay. And so the ability to learn sometimes actually means spending money to learn, which doesn't mean going and buying my course I'm about to sell you for 1997 here in 2 seconds. No, absolutely not. What it means is how do you how do you go and learn to play guitar? You you pick up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guitar and you learn to play it. How do you learn to do jiu-jitsu? You go practice jiu-jitsu every single day. How do you get good at business? People don't realize this. They think business is some weird metaphysical multi-dimensional being that only Jedi can understand. It's not. The way you get good at business is you do as much business as you possibly can and you keep increasing the difficulty. For example, if you pick up a guitar and you make your goal to learn how to play Nirvana, no one's going to be impressed by that. No one's going to pay you on stage to do that. But you'll go out there and you'll progress to that point very quickly. Now, once you get to the point of playing Nirvana, if you sit down and keep playing Nirvana songs or Teen Spirit over and over again, you're not going to get any better. That's when you need to go and say, "Okay, maybe I'm going to play some Metallica or learn some solos and keep upping the difficulty." So as you learn things, you one have the time to invest on learning it and then two, you have the time to keep upping the ante and making it harder and harder. The same applies to business. You want to start with simple things like selling something basically on Fiverr or selling or working a low-level job at a company. Just start understanding the business model. As soon as you master that, understand it, which should come very quickly. For example, you can pick up a guitar and learn how to play Teen Spirit Nirvana in about a month or in a couple days if you have God-given talent like I do. and then you go and move on to the next thing. So, let's say you start selling maybe like a freelance graphic design package on Fiverr, very low-level uh business entrepreneurship. Maybe you didn't go and make a website and you start running ads to it. You keep increasing your ability to do that. But here is where most people get locked up and this is why most people stay poor their entire life. And really, if you look at most people's money, they probably make out at like 25 27 and then they make 10 20% more per year for the rest of their life, which then doesn't result in a lot of money because they're not starting with a lot of money to begin with. So, here's what you do if you're young and and here's all the point of all the long-winded [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm saying right here. FYI, if you want a little help going and starting businesses, learning how to make money from the interwebs or whatever, I give away all the courses that I used to make, all my ad techniques, business building techniques, selling techniques, everything for free on this channel to my subscribers. What I do is there's a little community feed. If you're subscribed, you're going to see it. If you're not subscribed, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I don't like you. But if you're subscribed, I'm going to post there about once a month a link to all the courses. I leave it up for a day or two, then I take it down. If you're not subscribed, you're not going to see it. So, um, do that subscription thing. So, backing up, if we're young, our goal is not to invest in anything right now. It's to obtain skills to generate money. That's it. Once we have skills to generate money, then we can take risk with that money through building businesses or throwing it aimlessly into Frogcoin or Fartcoin. Those are the best investments you can possibly make in your youth. But, we can't start taking any risk that's really going to multiply money until we obtain skill. And so what we need to invest in is the ability to have time to learn skills and then the ability to take risk without having to take much risk. I'll explain these two things. And if you get these things, this is what's going to make you rich very quickly. And you're actually just going to repeat this thing for the rest of your life. And it will make you richer and richer and richer as far as you want to go with it. You just have to keep repeating it bigger and bigger and bigger. It's like a flywheel. It starts out very slow, but it gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. So what does this mean? You get out of your parents house 18. By the way, first thing lesson I'm going to give you, we can talk about this another video. Don't if you're living with your parents, you're a young man. No, no, no, no. Stop it. Stop it. That is what little beta soy boys do. You go move somewhere. I don't care. Move to a college town where there's five dudes living in a one-bedroom apartment. You be one of those five dudes. Get your rent down 100 bucks a month. I don't care. You do not live with your parents. The end. That's non-debatable. You live with your parents. This isn't going to work out. So, what do I mean by this? So, in order to learn skills, we actually need time and energy. And so, what we need to do is we need to be able to have as much time and energy set aside to learn these skills, whatever they're going to be. Maybe you want to go learn coding. Maybe you want to start your first freelance business. Maybe, for example, a really good way to start a business is to go work at businesses and low-level jobs and understand the business that they're doing. Look at a business that you want to start. Maybe find someone else who's doing freelance stuff on Fiverr, someone who's running their own agency for businesses, someone who's selling AI services business, maybe someone who's doing drop shipping. Go work for them for next to nothing and learn what they're doing and watch what they're doing. One of the ways that I got my start in business is there was this guy launching a lot of products and internet marketing products back in the day. And I would go and help write the books and do the things for him and he'd basically tell me what to do. And that's how I learned in my first couple months how internet marketing works and how it all goes together. The way I was able to do that is because I had time to learn. See, in the military over four years, I saved up $6,000, which in 2025 money is basically makes me a billionaire at that age because, you know, we had to print and triple the the the money supply to pay for COVID because, you know, that was that was terrifying. God forbid we didn't invest trillions of dollars injecting every person in the United States with soy milk. But we're not going to we're not we're not going to go on the red pill rabbit hole right now in this video. It's okay. You got Charlie Kirk doing that stuff. You can go check out that stuff. But I had $6,000 and this allowed me to move to a college town. I lived in College Station, Texas A&amp;M. And I basically moved in with two other dudes in a very, very small house. And my rent was like $200 per month. Okay. I realize things are a little bit more expensive now, but if you go and move to a college town or Wyoming or Thailand, whatever, and you find a place and you split an apartment or whatever with a bunch of people, you're going to get your rent down really, really, really cheap. I suggest college towns, Wyoming or Thailand. Now, what I did right there, and I'll explain Thailand here in a second. I know it sounds random. So, what I did during this time is my cost of living was basically nothing. It was like a thousand bucks per month. So, I got a job bartending and bouncing. And I was the worst at both of these. I was actually a bar back. I wasn't cool enough to be a bartender. And I was the world's worst bouncer. Okay? So, I spent my time going between bars and then getting fired from them for being terrible at these jobs. This allowed me to make enough money to generate about $1,000 per month working part-time at these places and then work on learning internet marketing and doing SEO for businesses. Now, I'm not telling you to do SEO for business or whatever. What we need to look at is the core skill that I'm doing right here. I reduced my cost of living down to virtually zero. This allowed me to go and basically spend all my time trying to learn businesses, how they work, trying to sell things. And guess what? The first six months, eight months, it didn't really work because I was learning. But I was able to spend that time, that investment of my time into this and learn the skills to eventually get to 5,000 a month. At this point, I used these skills to get a higher paying job at a marketing agency. And I learned how marketing agencies and all that worked. And then I was able to go and start my own services business, start launching my own products, start selling my own services to other businesses. I launched an SEO outsourcing company. And so my income went from 5,000 to 10,000 to 30,000. I remember my first 70,000 a month. And from that point, I was actually able in my 20s to build an income of about 400,000 a month. Currently, I do multiple millions of dollars per month because I just repeat this process over and over again. It just got on a larger scale. You might notice in this video that I'm not living in a a small tiny college house with a bunch of frat guys anymore. But you have to understand right now my cost of living is still insanely low to the amount of money that I have coming in. I bring in millions of dollars per month and my cost of living isn't even onetenth of what I bring in every single month. you need to do the same exact thing just on a lower scale. So, what this allowed me to do was to then invest all my energy and time into learning these skills. Once I had the money coming in, 10K a month or whatever, then I invested this money into starting software companies and the rest is history from there. I was able to invest and take risk and start businesses. And my first software companies, the first few things I did were just a complete mess. But I was able to take that risk over and over and over again because I had this money coming in to take risk with. Eventually, one of those risks paid off, and that's when I saw those huge increases in income. This is the strategy to get there. We go and free up our time and allow us to invest maximum energy and time into learning skills to generate money. And we then take that money and we take risk in it by investing it in bigger businesses or very risky investments, maybe like crypto or something like that. I don't suggest doing that because that's an extremely inconsistent way to make money. If you learn how to build businesses, which I'm going to get to here in a second, and invest in businesses, that's how you're going to make the big bucks very consistently. So, let's back up and break everything down if we can go and turn this into steps. If you're 20 years old right now, the first thing you need to do is unlock your time and your energy. So, what does this mean? Go and find somewhere very, very cheap to live. Don't have a car. Don't have furniture. Have a computer and a mattress on the floor. I did something very similar to this when I was building my largest software company. I was making good money, but I wanted total freedom and to lower my risk or downside. So, what I did is I despite making tons of money, moved into a completely empty apartment. I just had a desk. I had a bed and I just built that company and I didn't have to worry about my cost of living or anything because I kept my cost of living so low and owned nothing. I didn't even have a car. So, what you're going to do is the same exact thing. Find a very cheap apartment, cheap living, split it with five other dudes, move to Thailand, whatever. Live next to a grocery store and a gym. You literally have everything you need within walking distance of this apartment or wherever you're living. This is going to allow you to have everything you need at almost no cost of living. You can go work part-time. You can do part-time remote work online. You can go work at a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grocery store. It doesn't matter. Then you spend all your free time learning skills to go and build businesses and generate money. That's all you do. And when you get to the point where you make, let's say, $500 doing this, you need to double down and go to the next level this skill. For example, if you're selling cheap services on Fiverr, well, maybe start running ads to it. go make your own website, add something to the service that somebody else has. You just keep upping the ante from here to try and make more money. It's not always going to work out, but that's fine because your cost of living is so damn cheap. This allows you to take risk with your money and your time because your downside is next to nothing. This is how you want to be investing your money to improve your skills and everything like that until you get to the point that you're actually generating serious money. Then what we're going to do is we're going to invest this into our more higher risk businesses and things that take even more money. It's the same exact thing. the thing just keeps getting bigger and bigger. At first, your risk only was the time that you're putting in the skills and the time you're having to put into unlocking the time, which is basically working that part-time job. Once you're able to quit the part-time job, your risk is going and putting the money into improving your business and taking bigger shots. So then once we put into our serious investments, what we're going to do is we're going to make it lopsided by also not just investing in things like our businesses, but also applying our skill to it to make sure the businesses work. This isn't always going to work out, but this is going to allow us to obtain assets, businesses value for next to nothing and then use money to get it going and then leverage it and reduce the chance of failure by investing our skills that we've acquired into it, which is going to lower the chance of failure. And because our cost of living and everything we have is so insanely cheap, this is going to allow us to take this risk over and over again until it simply works. Thus essentially guaranteeing that if we just do this process that I talked about right here, it allows us to take risk over and over again while our skills increase. Eventually, your skills are going to get to the point where it's so good that the risk you're taking is almost minimal because you can consistently just pull it off. For example, I I could start any business I want right now, write the website, do all the sales copy, create the sales processes, start running ads to it, and I could build a profitable business with almost 100% success rate. Now, I'm not saying it would be successful the businesses I have now. You do need to actually go and do a lot of crazy stuff if you want to make a business that's worth nine figures like I have. Now, the flip side of that is there are entrepreneurs who can build a nine figure business every single time like clockwork. And I want to get to that point where that's easy for me, but that will probably be the point where I'm a billionaire. Do you see how this works? As you get higher and higher, the successes are easier and easier to get. So, we're going to be growing our skills while taking repeatable risk. And the thing with the risk is if it falls through or it breaks apart, aka you get punched in the face, it doesn't matter because your cost of living is so cheap. So, for example, right now, I take really huge risk all the time at my business. Sometimes I'll just reinvest all the money we make into growing the business. I can do that because my cost of living, like all my businesses, everything in my life could explode and I could live like I'm living right now for the next 30 years till I die. I could I could mit a day down and just live off the passive income from my portfolios and passive investments. Like I have no fear. I can take risk over and over again. That makes me very strong. You simply want to achieve the same thing on a lower scale, which means again when you're 20 and broke, you get your cost of living so cheap that you can easily cover it with a part-time job. And the cool thing is as your skills improve, you'll be able to get remote jobs that pay a lot more. 20, $30, $50 per hour. You use that while building your businesses. For example, when I was getting into SEO and internet marketing, I got good enough that I could land a marketing job. This gave me an extra 3,000 4,000 bucks per month of cushion on top of the money I was making for my internet businesses, which then allowed me to take a lot more risk much more quickly. And then the thing just compounds on itself like that flywheel effect that I talked about earlier on. And so you start off with nothing. Your skills start improving and generating you money. This allows you to take risk, which then allows you to keep improving your skills and make more money and then take more risk, which then allows you to improve your skills and make even more money and take more risk. And as long as you keep your cost of living very cheap, the system just compounds on itself. And you can increase your cost of living as the system gets bigger. So, for example, when you first get started, no, you need to keep your cost like a,000 bucks per month. But if you're making a million dollar per month, $2 million per month, you can spend $50,000 a month. No shit's given. It just doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter. Same exact thing. your cost of living if you want to improve your lifestyle. It improves as this improves but it tails it. It always stays within line so you can keep taking risk to keep improving your skills. And this my silly little Gen Z [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friend is how from 20 years old you go and get rich. You repeat this process over and over again and you keep investing in this way. Once you have millions and millions and millions of dollars, go invest in the stock market. You get $100 million you put in the stock market grows 58% a year. Great. You're making5 8 million a year passively. But you're not there yet. and that passive income or whatever does, you're not going to do it with the little bit of money you have right now. So, don't even think about investing. You need to get to the point where you can generate money, enough money to where your investments actually pay you passive income. So, the last tip I'm going to give you right now is, for example, I didn't start investing in stocks or passive income or real estate or anything like that until I had tens of millions of dollars. Now, I've realized you should probably start a little bit earlier than that, but I didn't care because I didn't really matter. I was generating so much money for my businesses, the m the money that would come from these investments was irrelevant. at about $10 million, I can generate about $500,000 a year completely passively. And so that's when I did it, just to start covering my entire lifestyle and keep my downside extremely low and my ability to take risk at all times high because now the investments just cover everything. I cannot be punched in the face even if all my businesses and everything explode. This is how you need to view money. This is how you invest to get rich. Just like the title of the video said, I have delivered. Now, if you want to see actual ways to build businesses, strategies to do that, I broke down two guides right here. One is how to get from zero to maybe a couple hundred thousand a year. The other is how to get from a couple hundred,000 a year to a million dollar a year. It's all broken down there step by step. And every tactic inside there, the sales, the copyrightiting, everything is on this channel or in those free courses I said I'm going to give to you if you subscribe. Just watch the community section. That's it. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Brainwashed Myself Into Being Rich AF
VIDEO ID: YXykmSflTpY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXykmSflTpY
================================================================================

All right, you degenerate piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like the title says, I'm going to be brainwashing you, Illuminati, indoctrinating you today to become rich. And I, your administrator, your doctor, and by far the most qualified on planet Earth to do this because, as you may not know, let's be frank, of course, you know, I'm kind of, you know, a big deal. But this mindset and indoctrination process I've given you allowed me to build a multi-million dollar net worth in my early 20s, a nine figure net worth in my early 30s, and right now closing in on a multi-figure net worth, which at least makes me not the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] person on planet Earth to tell you how you should be thinking and how you should be tweaking your mind if you want to go from being a broken private jets, which frankly, if you've ever flown private, not the best idea. Very small quarters. Everybody look at you awkward when you come to the bathroom and the toilet, let's be frank, doesn't flush too well, so it's going to be very awkward for the next person in there. But you won't care because you'll be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich and the only fans girls you're flying to Dubai with will just have to put up with it. This brainwashing technique actually allowed me to come out of the military in my early 20s completely broke and build a multi-figure net worth. Later in my 20s, build a multi-ight figure net worth. And best of all, I don't have a course or anything to sell you because I'm already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. Just enjoy the sauce. And all the things I talked about tactics-wise and building businesses here, they're all linked to below this video again for free on other videos on this YouTube channel cuz this place is just the truth. You should subscribe. Let's begin. So, look, brainwashing hyperbole aside, if you want to become rich and successful, it's not going to come down to some Tony Robbins ha coup, some mental masturbation you're going to do and some thing you tell your in your mirror every single morning. It's going to come down to work and actually applying techniques and skills to go and make money. That being said, if you view money and the making of money and the understanding of how it's possible to make money in a completely wrong way, you're not going to make money in the first place. The way that society and most people understand and look at money is just fundamentally wrong. So, while understanding this isn't going to make you the big bucks, you're not going to be able to move forward unless you have this understanding. So this is what you need to do because if you don't get past these things right here, these five specific things I'm going to share with you, five things, you really don't have a chance in hell of doing this. So the first thing you need to understand about all of this is that making money is not a special thing. It's actually completely normal. Lots of normal people do it. Lots of normal people become rich. And in actually once you get it down is not something that's even particularly hard to do. Let me explain this because you need to get past this. Number one, also if you're liking this video, I used to make I don't anymore, but I used to make lots of courses that taught people all the techniques I use to make money. Copywriting ads, how I sell products, my exact sales funnels, everything. I'm going to be giving those away to all my subscribers at a certain subscriber count. If you are not subscribed, when that happens, our AI will not scrape you up. You will not get those courses. So, subscribe and like the video. My most engaged followers, you're going to get all the stuff. You're not subscribed, I don't like you. So, you're getting nothing. So, back to the video. So, look, when I was in the military, flat ass broke, I was making like$24, $30,000 per year, which in today's dollars is like $952,000 per year. Money's inflated a little bit, but whatever. That's fine. Back then, I was broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I remember going and getting bar tabs and I'd spent like $150 a night and I was horrified and bank always overd it. It was a bad time. All right, that being said, why was there I remember people in the military, there were civilians there and they're making like 70,000 bucks a year and I thought that was like the epidome of success. I was like, "Holy moly." And then like one guy even made like six figures in the year. I'm like, "Oh my god, if I could just do that, oh my goodness." So, first thing you have to get about this is that the way I viewed money was in a very limited frame. And I thought making even low amounts of money was incredible. And I thought people being able to go and build businesses or even become employees to get paid several hundred,000 500,000 million per year. I thought that was impossible. something that's reserved for like Jedi Knights who go to college for eight years and do some impossible tax task and have LeBron James like talent. And so when you think about money like this and you think about it as some big impressive thing instead of what I'm about to show you it actually is, you're not going to go out there and pursue that. Who's going to stop what they're doing? Stop this societal path of college, getting a career, working a job that you probably don't like, and making less money than you want, but safe, comfortable money, which is what most people's goal is, and why they stay where they are. Why are you going to leave all that if you believe you're hopping into some chamber or some some journey that's impossible and requires the .01% of human behavior and skills and peak athletic ability to achieve, you're just not going to do it. Here's the simple truth. I've been doing this for 15 years. I have seen so many people that are actually stupid make millions of dollars. I've seen so many people go from zero to making millions of dollars per year that I couldn't even count it on all my fingers. I couldn't even count it if I had hundreds of fingers. I've seen it so many times. And what making money is is simply a skill like anything else. Playing guitar, learning jiu-jitsu, learning how to paint, drawing, I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Playing World of Warcraft. Have you guys ever gotten good at a video game? It's exactly the same thing. what people do since money is so deeply connected to our egos and our sense of self and also taps into our survival instinct because in our society if you get down to zero dollars are bankrupt you're technically dead in societal terms. So you're playing with almost your life force when we're thinking about money and that's how it looks to a lot of people especially when you're at lower incomes. That's kind of what it is. You run out of money, you're in deep trouble unless you're one of those people that just accepts living on welfare which in America we're just happy to hand out here. So you're technically not even going to die. You could just go on welfare and start a business from there. Alex Becker tip of the day. Get on welfare. That that's that's video concluded. But backing up, what you must first get and how you must view making money and growing as money is simply something like playing guitar. If you sit down and practice guitar for 4 hours a day in a strategic way, you're going to get good enough on guitar to play in front of people and play music and you're going to be good enough to be good. Now, when you are making money to make maybe $100 million a year, build a $100 million net worth, you're going to have to be really really really damn good at it. To make $500,000, a million dollar per year, you're going to have to be like high school football player good at your sport. For example, not not so terrible that you're on the the sidelines the entire time, but good enough that you can play in like the lowest leagues. not going to have to reach some level of talent that is not unreachable to any person out there unless you're running around with some Spongebob Squarepants 60 point IQ. This is achievable for you and it's been done by millions and millions of people and it's going to just come down to repeating simple processes over and over again to improve your skills and eventually it's just going to happen. So get that through your head first. Now before we get into actual techniques and things you should be doing per se, the best way to change your mind in this this type of thinking strategy I just talked about is you need to go and associate with people about two to three levels above where you are. So for example, I myself at my net worth and everything I'm doing, if you try to associate with me, I'm going to throw pie at you and get the ick from your poorness. Don't don't come within 50 feet of me. I don't associate with the masses anymore. But serious note, that's just going to be the only thing that people take away from this video. They're going to quote that. Put that on Twitter. Alex Becker is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There we go. Take the sound bite. But what I mean by two to three levels above you. If you go and try and message people when you're making nothing and they're making a couple million or million dollars per year, you're just it's just not going to work out. You don't network that way and it's not even beneficial to you because they can't even communicate to you things you understand. What you want to do when you're first starting out is there's tons of forums, groups, entrepreneur groups of people that are just getting started all the way to people that are probably making 100,000, 200,000 a year, maybe even 50,000 a year. Just people that have really gone and started out. I also really want to stress as you watch this video, you don't have to be an entrepreneur to make a lot of money. I have employees that are approaching eight figures net worth through working with me at Hyros just by having equity in the company. So, if you are just really damn good at something that makes businesses money, you can still make a lot of money as employees. Don't let me make you think this is a entrepreneur only video. Regardless, you need to go and associate with people that are in these levels and thinking this way and stop associating with people that are not. When I was growing up, I love my parents. I love my family. I love all my friends. But they are completely they were completely indoctrinated or uh believers in the typical life path. Do well in school, go to college, get a job, slowly work your way up to moderate decent income, and then retire at 50, 60, whatever. I'm not here to pick on that path. And I'm not here to pick on people that think like that. But you're not going to start thinking the correct way to make a lot of money if those are the people that you hang out with and talk about money with. You're going to do that by hanging out with people that only think about growing and making more money. You want to go and find the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goblins on the internet who are just rubbing their hands together trying to get rich no matter what and hang out with them. And what you're going to see constantly is a you're going to see a lot of people go from zero to making that type of money. And you're just going to realize, oh, this happens all the damn time. Most importantly, you're also going to start associating with people who are constantly trying and and feeding and talking with you and helping you kind of level up. They're not going to be like helping you like mentoring you. Stop looking for that. You just want to find people that were the room or the culture of beliefs in the group is this is how money works and this is how you make money and you're going to slowly fall into that and you're just going to slowly start believing and operating in that way that everybody else in the groups are doing. So, Facebook groups, some of the guru make money groups. I know a lot of people hate Andrew Tate, but if you look at like his real life.com, I'm not or real world or whatever it's doing. I'm not suggesting go join that, but it's a good example of lots of people that are at least trying to make it and people that are semi- makingaking it to getting some level of success. There's thousands of groups out there. There's free groups, there's Discord groups, there's channels of people, there's uh school groups. You can go join Alex Hermosy's school groups. You can go to the endless places. just seek this out and associate with these people and get in groups where the belief works like this and stop hanging around people or at least taking anybody that thinks differently seriously. You can still have normie friends, but just like don't the way they view the world is just incorrect and wrong. If that's who you're spending and sharing most of your beliefs with, you're going to be wrong as well. Now, here's the next thing that people get wrong with this. They try to make money while still not making money the focus of their lives. Should money be the focus of your life? is is is money all that life comes down to. That's up to you. You your view of life doesn't actually really matter. It can be completely different. It could be completely wrong. We're all going to die and forget everything. So, whatever you think is important is important. I'm not here to debate your life view and Echar told you on the proper way to view the world. That's not it. But for a time and being, if you want to have financial control in your life to the point where you don't have to worry about money and you can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want whenever you want, if that's your goal, that's not really that hard of a goal to reach. You need about $5 million in net worth to do that for life depending on where you live. That's very achievable, especially if you're young right now. So, the most important thing at this time in your life while you're trying to go and gain access to this financial control is you make it purely the most important thing and you remove all things out. The secret to growth and really getting good at anything is not adding bunches of things to your life. It's not going and doing some morning routine. It's not going and attending 15 Tony Robbins events. It's simply removing everything except the thing you want to do. So, for example, if you're a young guy or something that worked very well for me is when I really wanted to settle down and get to the next level in entrepreneurship, I sold everything. Moved into an empty apartment with just a desk and a bed and I moved to a city where I didn't have my family. I didn't really know anybody there. So, I had nothing else to do and I didn't have any video games or anything accessible or anything to distract me. I didn't even have a television. And all there was was just the work improving at the work improving my software company and growing. And that time period right there is what took me from eight figures to nine figures. It would also very much benefit you and you do it much much faster if you're going from zero to say 500,000 a year to a million dollars per year. So what do I mean if I could put this all into a tactic? If you're a young guy, young gal, the two girls that watch this channel, hello. Great to see you. I'm happy. I'm happy you haven't me yet. What you want to do is, for example, move to Wyoming. Get a stupid dirt cheap apartment next to a grocery store where you don't have to have a car. Maybe make sure there's a gym nearby or just go in the woods and lift rocks like a real man. That's what I do. Go workout with the squirrels. Just you and a bunch of raccoons. Have it like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snow white moment in the woods lifting logs and rocks and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's exactly what you need to do. But once you removed everything from your life, I'm just picturing that. It's making me giggle. Once you've removed everything from your life, if you just have that computer, a bed in the corner, you're just going to wake up every single day, do whatever freelance work you need on to do online or do whatever cheap work, go work at theing grocery store and pack groceries, you'll be able to afford the apartment just fine then. And then whatever free time you have, you're just working on improving your skills as an entrepreneur or a very highlevel employee. So what I mean by like a highle employee, for example, the CTO at my company is a multi-millionaire now. uh because he's actually done this with a lot of different companies, very successful man, but he's a multi-millionaire because he got really really good at coding and developing software and then he got really really good at hiring on developers and building teams of developers underneath him and so that allowed him to be the CTO of our company and also spawn off or do like freelance work for lots of other companies and get cuts of their companies. So he's technically an employee of a lot of different companies, but he still makes a f ton of money. So you can do the same exact thing here, different strategy than entrepreneurship, but you can see it's really just comes down to mastering your craft to a point where you can really impact businesses. So backing it all up though, when you remove everything from your life, and there's videos below here on absolute removal on how to achieve that, video games, distractions, friends, any financial weights, getting your your lifestyle as cheap as possible, how just move to Thailand, do freelance work online, and live for 150 bucks a month next to a Muay Thai studio so you can actually learn how to fight at the same time, too. perfect leveling area for a new entrepreneur. Do that and then remember the most important thing in your life right now is becoming successful and making money. Yes, maybe when you're in your 30s, your 40s, or whatever, you can chill out a little bit and hang out with your kids if that's your goal. You can just chill out and do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want, but you're never going to be able to do that unless you master money. And you're going to spend the rest of your life needing money. The rest of your time here, the next 50, 60, 10, 15, I don't care how many years of your life needing this money. And if you are not good at making it, you're going to have a bad time. Period. The end. There's nobody out there that is just terrible at making money that has a comfortable, stress-free life. You need to get to a level of confidence, and it's the most important thing. So, make it the most important thing. Finally, the last thing, and I talk about this in another video on how to go improve this, so you should go watch this video immediately after on how to actually break money down into skills and then learn each of these skills step by step. I even break down the most important skills you should learn if you want to get to a million dollars a year as fast as possible. That's linked below this video. But the last way you need to view money and the thing that's going to make you very successful is viewing money like for example learning guitar or if you're a dork playing World of Warcraft which you know I am. I've gotten very good at it. Excellent tank the world's greatest healer. But I'm not here to brag about that as you know most humble YouTuber. But if you've ever gotten good at anything, getting good at making money is the same exact thing. And it comes down to this basic component which will be explained more in the video below or be linked at the end of this video. So picture this. If you want to get good at guitar and say you've done everything I've talked about already in this video, you're going to associate with good guitar players so you can actually like learn and get really interesting, get all the cultural beliefs. But then what you're going to do is you're going to start trying to play songs. And if you want to get better at guitar, let's say you go and learn how to play Nirvana, and it's a very easy song to play. Obviously, you're not going to get any better at playing guitar or reach any level of town if you just sit around and play that song over and over again. So, you're going to pick harder songs and harder songs and harder songs and try and learn more advanced techniques and you practice that every single day. What a lot of people don't do with money is they don't view it like that. What you need to do is you need to go and practice the basics and that's going to involve losing a little bit of money or spending time without getting results. The most important thing when it comes to learning about making money is to not focus on making money as a result. Focus on growth. For example, if you're playing guitar, you shouldn't hold being able to play a complete song in front of people and get paid for it as your metric of success. Especially when you're starting off, you should hold your metric by watching your finger movements improve and watching your skills improve every single day. If you focus on that, you will eventually get to that point where you're playing guitar in front of people and able to make money and talented enough at it. But that's not a good way to look at it because you're just going to fail for ever and ever and ever and ever if you look at that end result versus feeling success and gratification at the main thing which is the improvement of your skills. Same thing with money. Focus on the core skills which I point out in the video below and will be linked to at the end of this video 100% for free. That's going to help you grow and do that. And so every single day you wake up and say, "I'm going to improve at these skills and I'm going to go and apply them at all costs. I'm going to get these skills no matter if I lose a little bit of money doing it." The most important thing is my skill growth and that I'm better at it today than I was tomorrow. Eventually, you're going to be better at today so much that you start making money. And it's just going to happen. And from then on in your life, it's going to be semi-trivial for you to make a certain amount of money. And as you get better and better, it becomes trivial to make certain amounts of money. For example, back in the day, making a million dollars per year in internet marketing very hard for me. Now, making many million dollars a month is almost trivial for me. I'm trying to make, you know,5 $10 million a month. That's really my my next goal. And making, you know, $100,000 a day or something like that. It's it's something I don't even have to think about doing. It's going to be the same way with any amounts of money. And all I'm doing right now, you have to understand what I just described might seem farfetched to other people. I've just been improving at my skills every single day that I'm at a level of ability that it's not too hard. The momentum and ability that I'm at makes it fairly simple to me. And I'm not putting in much more work than anybody else is. For example, if you see some guy doing landscape in front of a house, he's working muching harder than I am. I just have gone to the point where I'm good enough at playing the game that it going and playing on hard difficulties isn't hard for me. Okay? So, for example, if you ever see like a really good World of Warcraft player playing a dungeon on the highest level difficulty, going back and playing dungeons at difficulty levels that seem impossible to beginners is trivial for them. Same exact thing. Now, the final thing I'm going to give you, the final brainwashing technique you need to look at is the final reason why people don't really pursue anything I talked about is they're afraid of risk. And all you need to understand when it comes to risk is there's all little mental things you can tell yourself. You can go in the mirror and say a high cue to yourself every single morning to give yourself confidence. But what you really want to focus on when it comes to risk is looking at what's actually going to happen in your life if you don't take risk. So if you don't take risk, what most people do, and this is like the most optimal output, okay? Most people don't even succeed at this. You do good in school, you go to college, you get 100K in debt, and then you spend the less your rest of your life grinding out a job that you don't particularly like, and you're not taking risks to like grow in. You're never going to be investing in yourself or anything like that except going back to college and giving more money to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam for like a masters or something. Anyways, you're going to spend all your time grinding for that, and you're going to make less money than you want for the rest of your life. and you're not going to be satisfied and you're going to have to be worrying about bills and stressed out by money. That is the guarantee if you don't take risk. To me, that's losing. That's not great. That's not comfortable. I want enough money where I can stop working whenever I want. I want enough money that it comes in passively for me if I know how to build it like that. I want enough money that I have money absolutely handled and it's not an issue in my life and I can buy the things I want. Now, look, you don't need to be buying private jets and giant mansions and all these things to buy be happy. Once you have all your base needs covered effortlessly, that's when you're going to hit peak happiness for money. If you want to go for the extra credit and get the giant houses and the cars and the jets and stuff like that, and you want to beat the highest score of money, great. That's exactly what I'm doing. You don't need to hit happiness, though. Like, I'm not any happier now than when I reached financial freedom like, and that was 13 years ago. That was the best day. That's when I hit peak happiness. So, this isn't about happiness, but you have to understand this right here is a loss. being struggling and strapped down for money your entire life, that's the loss. What you want to understand is that by taking risk over and over while improving your skills, eventually, just like in Vegas, if you bet on a number long enough at the roulette table, you're just going to hit. And so, if you take enough risk while improving your skills, your skills at making money in combination with eventually being in the right place at the right time, which they're both going to tamp them together, the better you get, the better you're going to get at being lucky, and the better you're going to get at maximizing that luck when it happens. Eventually, it will happen and you will hit financial control. And this is inevitable. The only way not to reach this point right here is not taking risk. If you take no risk, you are guaranteed to lose. If you take risk, you're pretty much guaranteed to win if you take risk correctly without losing your money every single time. And over hedging, which I break down below how to make money without risk. I show you how to take appropriate risk in business or with whatever you're doing. If you do this, you are virtually almost guaranteed to eventually hit. I don't know anybody that's taken consistent risk over and over again while consistently growing their skills that hasn't reached some level of financial independence. Most of them are extremely rich today. There are so many dudes, so many dudes I can name that I came up with. I've known Russell Brunson for a very long time. I've known Alex Herozi for a very long time. I know tons of other founders like Sam Evans who owns school now. I think it's worth like a billion dollars or something like that. I know so many other people that I came up with where we were in little forums chatting about making $100 a day, $150 per day. And at this point, the vast majority of them, I can't think of any of them that are not millionaires at this point. And I know so many dudes, not all of them are like Alexozi or Sam Evans or Russell Brunson successful, but I've known so many dudes that have gone from zero to millions of dollars per year that I can't I can't think of any of them that are not making a good good amount of money other than the ones that just purely quit. All right? And that's was in the first couple years. So eventually, from my perspective, you're just going to hit it. And so that's how you need to be viewing risk. The best way to guarantee you lose at life and get that failure that you're trying to avoid in money is not taking risk. So those things right there, if you apply those, that is going to change how you look at the world. The way you're going to make money is through tactics and strategies that you're going to get better at by improving them by breaking them down to skills, which I break down in the videos below and above this video. Go check those out. That's going to come down to hard work and strategic hard work that gives you leverage. Again, explained in all those videos. However, if you don't view the world correctly and you don't have these base understandings I just gave you, you're not going to do those things and you're not going to have confidence behind doing them. So, you have to have this mindset. It's not going to make you rich. It's going to allow you to confidently do the things that will make you rich. So, that's the video. If you like all that, subscribe, like, and in all the videos I talked about, they'll be popping up on the screen right now. There's a bunch of them labeled in the description. Go watch those. And on top of that, I'm going to be dropping all my past training, all the courses I used to create back in the day. All my subscribers going to get that as a certain subscriber point, but you have to be subscribed. If you're not subscribed, our AI will not pick you up and you will not get these courses when we drop them. And it's a lot of really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, you should probably subscribe and like the video.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Made A 3 Page Site That Makes $100k/Day
VIDEO ID: vtb4qlnFaSM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtb4qlnFaSM
================================================================================

No. Bad viewer. Bad. Bad. Come here. I know what you're thinking. I know you're being skeptical of the title of this video thinking there's no way this guy has a three-page website that's gener $100,000 per day. And that would be reasonable to think if you are on any other channel. But if you're not new here, you know that I bring the red hot sauce. And that's exactly the type of Caliiente peppered pizza I'm about to deliver to you today. I'm going to be showing you straight up, no holds barred. I actually underplayed it. how a simple little website is making me over $100,000 per day. In fact, if you combine all my websites together and all my software companies together, $100,000 a day is actually kind of a bad day. I actually downplayed the clickbait title. And in this video, I'm about to break all YouTube norms. I know when you go to a lot of YouTube channels, someone's talking about making money, how you can be successful in business, and you have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue what they do. They never actually show you their businesses. That's because their business is selling you information on how to build a business. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. We don't do that here. In this video, I'm going to show you point blank how I actually make money day in and day out. You're going to see my entire business, everything that goes into it, how I get customers in, what I sell them, how I sell them, everything. And even cooler, because this business actually makes me money, I'm not going to sell you anything. So, put your wallet away. I don't want your money for courses or a mastermind cuz then I have to I have to deal with you. Ew. Frankly, it's just way more attractive to me to keep building what I'm going to show you right here. And the reason why I'm making these videos, I answer the last bit of skepticism you have. I hope that this video helps you go take your business, make a lot of money, and then when you're making a lot of money, you plug Hyro, my software company, into it, you're going to make more money from your business. But until you're making money from your business, I have I have nothing to do with you right now. So, let's dive in. Let me show you what's going on here. So, first things first, let me show you what I'm going to be breaking down here today. And I have one confession. I tricked the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of you. I'm threw you through an alleyoop. I click baited you just a tiny bit. This website is actually more than three pages, but if we break down everything I'm going be showing you here, it's not many more than that. And you can apply the same business model, the same tactic regardless of what website or business that you're doing. Okay? It applies to everything. So, what I'm going to be showing today is I run advertising to create awareness for my software company, which is Hyros, which we'll we'll talk all about here in a second. Now, I'm not here to pitch Hyros at all in this video. Please don't feel pressured to buy it. In fact, if your business isn't making over like $100,000 a month and you don't spend 20 $30,000 a month on ads, at least you have no business even considering hiring. It's it's not for you. Just just put your dick away. It's okay. You don't have to worry about me coming for that thing anytime soon in this video. I don't want it. We are not in the same attractiveness level. So, we're going to focus on how I create awareness with ads. And I send people to my website. Duh. But there's a very specific page on my website's a very specific thing that I send people to. Then I get people to go through a specific funnel, which I'm going to talk about here in a second. And then I have them close to annual or monthly subscriptions to this business. And I repeat this to kingdom come. I just blast the hell out of this thing right here. Put this through. And this easily easily generates usually over $100,000 per day. And if you combine all my companies together and things doing similar kind of schemes to this, it's it's well over that. And I know what you're thinking. Why would you possibly need that much money, Alex? What is the point in having that much cash coming in? It's very, very obvious. I have to correct something that's happened in the past that almost destroyed the Earth. And I need to correct the biggest wrong that's happened in humanity since probably World War II, which was Disney buying Star Wars. I have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] correct this. And the only way I can do this, nobody else is trying, is I can become a multi-billionaire so I can buy this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back and be like, "No, Han Solo did not get killed by his son. No, Luke Skywalker does not drink tit. No, we do not care about wokeness or political correctness. We care about laser battles and Darth Vader doing cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which you guys have not accomplished in the decades since you bought it. It really angers me and so this is really my character arc right here. Other than that, I don't have any use for this money other than posing next to a Lamborghini in my garage. But that being said, let's get into what we're actually doing here. So, first things first, people are going to view one of these ads right here. Now, look, I don't want to go through this entire ad, the sales copy, everything inside the ad because guess what? I provided all of that for you on this channel in this special mastermind course that I'm just kidding. There's just a YouTube link to it that breaks down my entire ad scripts, all my YouTube ad scripts, all my Facebook ad scripts. They're all literally right below this video. And so instead of walking you through this ad and everything that's going through right here, I'm just going to sum it up very quickly. At my business, Hyros, the really cool thing about it is when business plug it into their ads, they simply make more. So, the way I actually advertise my business, and I think the most effective way to advertise any business, the best ad copy, the best thing you'd ever see on a YouTube channel, is just showing an abundance of results from tons of customers like the person you're trying to bring in. So, in this video right here, I show testimonials from all the really big brands using us. I show all the famous celebrities using Hyros. I show the hundreds and hundreds of normal people using House. And I show endless endless testimonials of people just talking us up and talking about how great we are on Twitter. This right here by far is the best performing ad type that I've ever had because this is what people really care about, especially when it comes to B2B. Now, there are little cool little tricks you can do in e-commerce, like disguising your stuff, like, you know, Squatty Potty, for example. You can make a unicorn take a fantastic rainbow [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get attention doing that. A lot of people try to make ads like that as the crux of their business. You will occasionally get ads like that, and this is just general ad rant right now for people that want to understand everything that I'm doing right here. But with those type of ads and crazy complex ads, they don't consistently hit. So, you can't bet on them consistently to grow businesses. It's very hit and miss. I prefer making a really great product, getting people to use the product, recording their testimonials, then getting really famous people to use the product based on those testimonials, and then recording their testimonials, and then advertising the ever living hell out of that. And what I want to do with these ads, primarily in my business, just the final ad tip I'll give you, is when you're doing B2B business and stuff, people aren't going to click these ads right away and buy. What they're going to do is they're going to consider your company against a bunch of other competitor companies or their awareness of what's happening. So, when people are thinking about, hey, I can't track my Facebook ads correctly. I want them when they're thinking about that over the next few weeks, they see this ad, it kind of spurs the idea in their head. Over the next few weeks, they're going to go and browse a bunch of tracking companies. I want our company to be top of their head when they're doing that. That's why I hit people over the head with these results all over YouTube, Facebook, Tik Tok. So, this is step one. Now, people will then get linked from this ad to our website, Hyros. Now, based on this ad right here, I'm going to show you something that's super duper effective. So, they can go to our website and they can actually land on the initial tracking pages to talk about tracking and all the things that our software does and all that kind of stuff. I'm sure you've been to a software website, but what I like to do is I like to send people directly to a page that just absolutely smothers and bukkies them in results. So, what I do is they come to this page after hearing about how cool and the results we get. And then they're going to go and skim past the endless results. And this page is intentionally obnoxiously long to create the impression that we have an absolute ridiculous amount of results, which we do. We've been around for a while. We've gained a lot of results uh and cool stuff. So, what I'm doing right here is I'm going to give you a few little tips and things that really push us over the the borderline. Now, again, below this video, my copywriting techniques and how I build my sites, again, right underneath the ad techniques. Everything I'm going to talk about here, the step that you're most interested in, there's a training on this channel for it because I used to make really tight business videos. Nobody watched those because nobody wants realistic tactics. They just want ways that I wave my dick around the internet and magically generate money from my ceiling. But whatever, it's fine. If you guys want the purple crown version of educational content, I'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. That said, here's tip number one. I love sending people just to endless amounts of results because the first thing and the thing that's going to make people buy something is people believing that it will work. I know that sounds crazy, but a lot of people don't consider it. They send people straight to a page where is like the price of something. And really, when it comes to any product, an e-commerce product, a skincare product, a weightlifting product, a course, a software, anything, the most important thing is people believing it will work. That's the number one thing I want to knock out right away. If they believe it will work, truly truly work, like it's impossible it won't work, then most of the battle's done, then I can actually start selling them and selling on the product. So the big question after is, will it work for me? That's where they're going to get deeper in the website. So that being said, what I'm trying to do right here as well is get them to go and book a demo. Now, one thing I use to get people to book a demo as well, a little bonus thing, is that we guarantee it works. I don't know where your business or product is, but one of the most powerful things I find to get people to buy something is making something so good that you can basically guarantee it's going to work. And you're I'm going to tell you straight up, if you have a business where you can't guarantee results with any level of guaranteedness or consistency, you're going to have a hard time growing. Like if you have a skincare product and it doesn't actually clear up people's blackheads or actually work like most skincare products, they just don't work or they're just overpriced nonsense. What happens is the second someone becomes financially pinched or just doesn't want to like log onto your site because they're lazy, they stop using it. You have to have something that gets people addictive and makes them get results. I know this sounds crazy, but most people don't think about this or focus on this product to the point that they have to come back and keep paying for it. I know if someone comes on and joins high and they put on their ads, they're going to make more money and it's just going to be a no-brainer to keep it going. And so what what I like to do is I show people these result results and then I guarantee the results because I can't keep the money if people that don't get results. Like yes, even if I did and had some crazy refund loopy guarantee like a lot of internet marketers do, what would happen if I did that is eventually people would trash my business online. And then two, people would cancel their subscription. I wouldn't have a long-term business. The key of my business is that the businesses keep paying forever and churn or cancel at a very low rate. And then that subscription billing stacks and stacks on stacks on top of itself. So we didn't get to just 100K a day through ads instantly. What we did is we slowly built up those subscriptions on top of themselves. And so you add $1,000 a day or let's say uh yeah 30,000 a month in subscriptions and people don't cancel. Every single year your income stacks up. That's my favorite business model to use. So then what I'm going to do on these pages, I'm going to push them to a phone call. Okay. Now a lot of times what I also like to do on my websites is I like to think if I can bring this down right here so we can view it is I like to also think about every angle that people are going to be coming through. So you can see when people dig around my website they start looking for and I mean like our website right here. I really consider hires a team effort. It's not just me. Okay. I just know you're watching this channel. So you're thinking it's Alex Becker's business. It's it's all our business. We're all working on this together. That said when I come through here I know that people are going to have specific questions like will it work for me if I'm in e-commerce? will work for me if I'm in SAS. So, for example, I have an entire page breaking down all the specific things and showing companies, large SAS companies, large celebrities and stuff and whatnot and small SAS companies and all the specific features and testimonials that apply just to them. It's very, very important to make sure that if you have different types of customers coming in, you give them different paths because they're going to think once you prove it works, will it work for me? So, finally, what's going to happen right here is they're going to click apply. Now, I don't suggest always doing a callunnel for your businesses. The reason why I do a callunnel for Hyros particularly, and this is so you don't go and copy me and think, well, Alex Becker does it, so everyone should. There's two reasons. The first reason we still do a callunnel at Hyros is because the technical setup of Hyros is pretty complicated and it's one actually one of the biggest problems in the tracking business. You need a little bit of technical knowhow to set up tracking on your business. So, we need to make sure the people get on the phone and are committed to doing that and uh also so they can fit into the business. And then we also charge an upfront payment so that we can get people more invested in it and we can provide the customer support team to back them while they're doing this. It's very intensive at first. So, all in all, when we do this, we actually charge less than most tracking companies do out there, but this is something that we use to make it so that we can almost guarantee that people get results because if they don't set up, they're not going to get results and then they're going to churn. The reason why we do the calls is to make sure they don't churn. That's the reason why we still do them. I'd love to just do a free trial where people just sign up. That's not something you can do in tracking right now. So, the other reason I use this and initially use it early on at Hyros is because when you're running a business, the easiest way to make your ads profitable is to do a callunnel. Why is this? So, when you're doing a callunnel, what's going to be happening with that is you can get the maximum amount out of the customer on the phone up front. Now, what does that mean? Does that mean we didn't extort them and get a ton of money out of them and get them to pay the most upfront? Yes, it it actually does. It depends how you use it. But so, for example, the reason why a lot of course sellers do this is because one that reason. But why does it work so well? If we can look past the the good or bad of of getting as much money out of people as possible. The reason it works for well so well is you can actually listen to someone and design and pitch your proc in the perfect way to them. If they come to your website or they're skimming through or they watch a sales video, what's going to happen is it's not going to be customtailored to them and you're not going to be able to counter their specific objections. When you get them on the phone and you're selling them your product and they're talking to you directly, you can ask them about their business. Ask them what's going on with them and then you can formulate your pitch around what they're doing. So, for example, if an e-commerce business is doing $100,000 per year and they're having trouble seeing their specific Facebook ads, specifically subscriptions, you can say, "Well, look, here's five other 100K a month e-commerce businesses. Here's exactly how this will plug into your subscriptions right here. And for example, if we go look at this ad that you have right here, this ad right here, you're obviously losing money between these two. So, if you plug Hyus in right here, you're going to make that extra 20 30,000 a month from your business just by tracking this correctly based on these ads, looking at the results in your ad manager. Plus, we'll guarantee that that pitch right there is about a thousand times, billion times more effective than someone skimming through my site and seeing the features apply to them. Same exact thing applies to courses. Same thing applies to anything. Now, when you first start a business and you run ads, profit margins really, really, really matter. So, if I'm running an ad on Hyros and I'm doing a free trial and I send people in there, it's going to take us a long time to make our money back on the ad because people don't pay all upfront. If I get people on a phone call and we pitch it effectively enough, we can get people to pay a year upfront. When we get all that money in up front, that covers the ad cost and makes the ad profitable because we're making the max amount per customer and they're paying the year upfront. And so, it allows us to scale our ads and take that money and rotate it back into it. and also have the profit margins to pay customers and invest in the software and grow it faster. A lot of SAS businesses and a lot of businesses die because they're not able to make money or profit fast enough and they can't reinvest in the business. That's why I run call funnels upfront for most businesses when I'm doing it. Also, you get to work with the customers and get to know them one-on-one, which when you first start your first business or you start growing your business, it's extremely important to getting those testimonials. For example, I did all the sales calls and worked with most people on like the first 50 accounts at Hyros. That right there is why we have so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] testimonials immediately and we were able to skyrocket because I got a testimonial from every single one of those people. Advertise the hell out of it. That's the strategy and that's why you want to do it. And so then what's going to happen is we're going to get someone on a phone call. They're going to go through the pitch which is also provided below this video. I literally walked through our entire sales pitch. Everything that's going through there, you can go through there below. It's all linked video breaking down everything and do. And that's how I go and build this business. I broke down every step of the business to you. the ads, the initial landing pages, my thoughts on the landing pages, the funnel that we're using, and if you want to see the pitch and all the tactics that go into the pitch and actually selling the product, that's right below the video. And so, one of the reasons why I wanted to show you this, and I really kind of peppered down the the entertainment value initially, is because I want you to see that businesses that make a lot a lot of money, they're not really that crazy. I'm not doing anything or reinventing the wheel at all. If you can see my ads, they're not that creative. I I know you've seen some really creative ads out there and you've seen some creative companies. You think maybe you have to go make something super special. My ads are literally me skimming Twitter sometimes. That's what works best. I've tried the creative ads. We have high quality ones. We have film teams coming in and we do that and I do run those ads from time to time. But the ads that work every single time. It's just me reading our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] testimonials on Twitter. Lesson one. Next lesson. You can see how I have a very different website than other SAS companies. It's really a small website and it micro focuses on exactly what the person's looking for. primarily convincing them that it does work and then taking them down a route afterwards that shows them it will work for them. Next, we go and put them in a call funnel, which is nothing unique. Every single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on planet Earth runs these. It's you can see they're diamond dozen. And what we do is we get people on that call. And you can see the reason why we do that is one because of the things I talked about and also the setup for high-risisk. But if you're starting a business, those profit margins and everything I talked about, that's what works best when you're starting a business. On top of that, it leads to us being able to get the customer commit and churn less, which is essential if you're building a subscription business, which is my favorite business to build. So, finally, now you understand and you see everything I've done there. There's absolutely nothing I did there that's unique or creative or marketing genius. It is it is actually almost cookie cutter basic fundamentals. It is the foundation of marketing and just getting people in. And I want you to again see one of the big focuses I have right there is guaranteeing the results and getting results for customers and making sure they don't leave. All of this is business basic fundamentals put into a software company. That's it. And I want to stress to you why I showed you this. You think 100k a day business or 200k 500k b day business has to look crazy. And if you look actually at the back end and how we actually deliver our customer support and how we work with customers and manage the company, that's a little crazy. But the marketing and the money-making part of it, it's not that hard to understand. It's not that crazy. So, that being said, go check out all the videos below this video about the part that you're most interested in. The ads, the sales videos, the copywriting, the sales calls, even are all right there. That's it. I told you I'd show you. There you go.

================================================================================
TITLE: How to Make More Money Than 99% of People
VIDEO ID: KotheNB6B5A
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KotheNB6B5A
================================================================================

Ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can literally hear you groaning right now, thinking to yourself, "Oh, look, another douchebag on YouTube in front of a Lamborghini claiming that he can tell me the secrets to making money in the next 10 minutes." I can literally smell your skepticism from here. And frankly, it pisses me off, which is why I'm about to deliver a full frontal cleansing load of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you as I literally do just that. In the next 10 minutes or so, I'm going to give you a core understanding of money that is going to allow you to make more money than literally everyone you know because the way they view money and the way to make money is fundamentally wrong because they've been programmed by pure nitwitery. And in this one video, if you can actually focus, we're actually going to solve the entireing problem in one video. No courses. I don't have some mastermind or some Discord channel I want you to pay me money for. I don't want your money. I don't want to teach you. I don't want all your baggage. I'm already rich. We're just going to solve this problem now. You're going to understand this and for the rest of your life, you're going to know how to make money about a hundred times more efficiently than everyone you meet. And I mean everyone you meet because they're lacking this core understanding, which I'm going to teach you right now. So, here's the reason why everyone is so bad at making money. And it's not entirely their fault. It's it's mostly their fault, but not entirely. See, in our society, the way that it's broadcasted that we should go about making money and all the systems we should operate through and the the railroads and train tracks or whatever we want to do, the bumpers we want to stick within to make money. All these systems and flows are built by midwits. And once you see this, you're not going to be able to unsee it. And you have to understand what a midw is and why they designed all the systems like this and why you shouldn't operate this way because it's not actually how you make money. See, what midwits actually are are masters of impersonating the appearance of intellect and the appearance of competence. And so, if you ever seen the the chart out there, the Midwit chart, you got you got the full-blown [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] retards on the left, and then you got the geniuses on the right, and then you got most of society who's intelligent enough to want to succeed and be successful, but not smart enough to actually comprehend or do anything advanced that delivers results or achieves any kind of leverage. So, I'm going to take down the Midwood chart and I'm going to explain this to you because once you get this, you're going to see how to actually make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money without having to ask anyone for it. So, we're going to ignore the full-blown retards right here because they're fine. Actually, they're happy. Like, you you're probably in this area right here where you're you're smart enough to realize that you want something more out of life and drinking a beer while eating Chipotle followed up by an extremely satisfying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh isn't isn't enough for you. It is enough for these people right here and they're fine. We're not going to bug them. and we're going to leave them alone. But the problem that you're running into right here is that what midlets do is again like I talked about, they love to mimic competency and intelligence. And what they think these are are big words and the degrees and job titles and the corporate ladder and a bunch of other things. And then there's people out there that are not midwits. They're very smart and they just deliver results and they don't have to ask anyone to make money ever. They just get paid lots of money. I'm sure you've probably met lots of people, myself being one of them, and you here very soon, that really doesn't ever have to do the whole job career thing. They're just reallying good at things and deliver results and demand whatever money they want. For example, I had a software developer that worked for me at one of our NFT brands, Neotokyo, and he just built the initial launch from it. He made millions of dollars from doing that as our employee. How could he do that? Because he was just really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at coding NFT tech at the time when no one else was. He just purely got results. He didn't have any title. He didn't have any whatever. He was just a little icon in Discord and his code name was something out of a 1980s video game. This right here is a smart person. He delivers results. Now, see what midwits are is people that can't deliver results. They're really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid people, but they realize that they have to hide in society or better yet build systems and structures around the making of money that protects them and embeds them in it like a little leech. Because midwoods have a giant problem. They're not smart enough to deliver results. They're not good enough at anything to deliver results, but there's a lot of them. And so what they do because they can't think through problems, they can't reach the end solution of problems is they create complex systems and hierarchies in society that allow them to embed themselves into these systems and control these systems and control who goes up and down in these systems. And this is how they're able to go and achieve wealth and positions of power without ever actually delivering results. Have you ever seen politicians or most people in corporate America? I've hired lots of corporate people before. I'm sure you maybe have worked somewhere in corporate America or in a in a business or something like that. You've noticed a lot of the people there don't deliver any results whatsoever. Even the people very high up the ladder. They don't do anything. Like they literally just sit around and talk and do calls and simulate what it looks like to be a smart person all day. They sit around and use words like aligned and complicated jargon and worship all sorts of politics in the workspace and things they think that sound smart like cultural identities of businesses and all sorts of other haikus and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you ever seen most of Silicon Valley like not the show, the actual place. This is like what 90% of it is. It's a bunch of midwits who are simulating what they think a smart person looks like and in creating structures and how you go up and down the structure is you play the game of midwits. the people that convert it and get go places rarely are people that actually do anything. Now, trust me, I'm going to explain this midwit theory to you and it's going to tie into you making money. And we're going to get you to the point where you understand how to make money like this person down here. So, bear with me. I have you have to deeply understand this cuz then you're going to see the entire system of society that's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and why making money is so confusing until you get this. So now that you understand and you're starting to see the hive mind of midwits that control society, this is when it's going to start becoming apparent why it's so confusing to make money because we are mostly ran by midwits. And so they create these architectures like the college system or the corporate ladder or corporations or uh the endless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's in the medical field or the legal field. There's just endless endless complexity and nonsense [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that gets no results ever. doesn't help anybody and is only defended to support itself. If you notice, for example, a lot of people in the legal field, they don't do anything. They just complexify everything and complexify and complexify and they make money from all the complexity. If you notice a lot of doctors, they can't actually get results for their patients. They do nothing, but they embed themselves in this medical field and medical research field where nothing can get done without them. Same thing with politicians, whatever. You see these systems everywhere once you see it. And so when you get out of school or high school, you think to yourself, how do I get many money? And if you look at your parents and you look at everybody else in society, they they think the only way to do it is these midweight systems because that's what they tell you on TV. That's what's mainly been broadcast the last 50 60 years. People are starting to see through it now, but not all of them. And so then the desire that you have making money becomes very confusing because there isn't a straightforward way to get there because you have to play these stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] systems. Like why do you have to go to college and learn nonsense for 4 years and get a piece of paper to go work at a corporation to do things for them and then when you get there it's not really on the results you deliver or how hard you work. You work 80 hours a week. It doesn't matter. It's how you play the the corporate system and the political system at your office and excel at being in meetings all day because that's what most midws do. They sit around and make powerpoints and sit in meetings all day and like don't contribute anything and then they all get together and make endless meetings and hire tons of other midwits together so that the entire company eventually is made up of midwits and you can't remove one midweight because he has like a thousand other midwits attached to him and they become like this aids in your company you can't get rid of. You've seen it happen and all the Silicon Valley companies especially with all this woke [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's where it thrived. Like mid woke [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was midwit heaven because for the first time ever you could excel in a job without actually delivering any results whatsoever. As long as you just played the woke game very well. A few woke people get hired then they hire more woke people and an entire hierarchy of the business works around woke people. Woke people and midwits are almost interchangeable. Like woke was like the the Super Bowl of Midwits when it was very popular a couple years ago. Anyways, when you're presented with this tall mountain of midw debauchery stupidity [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it becomes incredibly confusing how to make money because then you just have to go and play all these games. And the reason why it's hard to make money is because you're looking for permission the mid from midwits inside the Midwit system to make money and and graduate and make more money in the Midwit system, which [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks because that's just a giant ladder of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupidity for 40 years. And yeah, you can climb up the ladders and do all the things or whatnot, but that's not how money [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. It's just how midwits embed themselves in society to make it so that they control the flow of money and then defend themselves in the amount of money that they're make because they at the end of the day they cannot do the one thing that actually makes money which is gain leverage and deliver results. this entire system that I've talked about so far that you have to recognize it first is the reason why making money is not clear and the entire reason for this system is because they cannot do the thing that actually makes money and this my clever little follower you lucky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] duck is the entire system we're going to skip [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them we're never going to I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you we're not playing this game [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these people they're the worst thing on planet earth we're going to cut to the core of it and we're going to do the one thing that they can't do which is get results and leverage and we're not going to ask people when to make money or when we can go up and down in society, we're just going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] take it. And once you understand what I'm about to share with you now, that's how you do it. Now, if you're appreciating the video so far, like, subscribe. I'm going to be delivering all my old courses back when I used to sell courses that taught all my sales methods, everything for free to all my subscribers here at Scoon. I'm going to be able to scrape it with AI. So, you should subscribe, like the video because I can see that. That also being said, no, I don't intend to sell you anything. I mean that for real. There's going to be tons of videos at the end of this video that show you all my business tactics, my sales tactics, my methods for building companies, how I built my software companies. I don't want to sell courses. It's all there for you. No charge. Just just use it. But back on topic, how do we actually go and make money now? What comes from this understanding instead see what you want to do is get straight to the core of what making money actually is and it's results and then leverage you're able to get from those results. This is actually all money is. Let me explain. For example, if I could come into any business in America and I could press a button and that business would instantly make 5% more revenue. Let's say it's a million dollar per year business and they make, I don't know, $50,000 more dollars per year. I could easily charge $10,000 every time I hit that button. Doesn't require what my job title is, how I behave. I could come in probably nude and do it. I could literally say, "Fuck you. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, Mr. Bigle Bags on the phone when they call me and they'd still pay me. I could [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in my hand, smear it on my body, run through the office playing a harmonica, and as long as I said it's attached to the results I'm going to get them, I can do that. You know why I can do that? Because I have leverage. Especially if I'm the only person that can do that. So, what really people pay money for at the core end of the day is for results and leverage. And if you don't have those things, that's when you have to play the midwit tyranny game because you can't do that. So you have to beg and play this little social hierarchy game that all these retards made because they can't do that. So if we want to make money, what do we want to do? Do we want to go to college? Do we want to play the Midwood game? No. Because that doesn't get results and doesn't give us any leverage. What we want to do is the day from when we are 18 to the day we die is get so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at certain things that we deliver results and then use those results as leverage to get people to give us money. This applies to you whether you are working a job. This applies to you whether you are an entrepreneur. This applies to you whatever you're doing. For example, let's look at a few situations before we continue on how to actually do this. You look at that developer I mentioned. He made millions of dollars from a month of coding. Why was he able to do this? He was able to deliver that result and we couldn't find anybody else who could. So, we could ask for a percentage of the company. My CTO at Hyros when we were originally building the company, there was no one else who knew how to build what we were building and he was the only one willing to actually put together the team and do it all. So, I didn't have anybody to do that. So, he could ask for a percentage of my company. Now, he's a multi multi multi-millionaire. How was he able to do that? Results and leverage. My company, Hyros, for example, if you put us on a business's ads, they make about 15% more. If the business is making a million dollars per month from their ads, they're going to make a h 100,000 $150,000 more just by fixing their ads using Hyros. What can I do then? I can charge them easily 5 10,000 bucks a month. It's not a problem. It's easy that I can show them the results right there. Why I'm able to do that? Results and leverage. When I was getting out of the military and I needed to make money, not many people knew how to do SEO. So what I do is I sat down for a year and I learned how to do SEO. Then I started doing it for businesses and that's really how I made my first money. And then I landed my first job out of the military doing SEO for a marketing agency and then doing it for clients there without any college degree or experience in any corporate whatchamacallit ever. And I was able to go up there and get it paid a really good salary for that. And the reason for all that was results and leverage. You are going to get paid for results and leverage. So what you want to seek out is being able to deliver results and then leverage them. Shocking. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. So this seems very vague up until this point. Let me make it not vague. What delivers results? Skills. For example, why does LeBron James get paid $50 million a year or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he gets paid now in the NBA? Delivers results. You put him on the team, that team makes hundreds and hundreds billions of dollars more. How did he do that? through the ability to get those results by his brand and also his skills in basketball. That gives him leverage to ask unup amounts just to literally have someone put his name on a shoe. Now, let's reduce this down to more common ways. If I wanted to make money as an employee, what should I do? Seek excessive skill in my trade. Don't play the corporate ladder. Don't do any of that stuff. Seek excessive skill and mastery in your trade. If you're an entrepreneur, same exact thing with your product or whatever you're doing. I think you're starting to get that now. But how do we actually go up and attain this if we're a person who doesn't have results and leverage? It's quite easy. It just takes hard work and being consistent, which frankly isn't that hard. Going and doing the Midwit tournament to France for your entire life. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. Like when I worked in an office at the marketing agency, I liked a lot of the people there. It was great. I'm very thankful. Anybody ever watches these videos and knows me? I used to work there. I liked everybody there. It was great. But there's a lot of people just didn't really get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done. like my boss above me in SEO who was there then got fired. It's because he was a Midwood and didn't deliver any results, but he played the Midwood game very very well. But while I was working there, man, that was tough going to the office every single day, playing the the hierarchy game in the office and everything. I mean, the only reason I really survived there because I was I was a poop. I was coming in whenever I want to because I delivered those results and had leverage. But regardless of that, playing the midw hierarchy for your entire life and playing that game and asking for one to make money, terrible. Terrible. much harder work than what I'm about to show you. So, let's just talk about maybe my developer friend I told you made millions of dollars off me. So, when you get into anything, you need to look at what people are looking to do or what result they're looking to achieve, whether it's in business or their personal life. Okay? There's B to C, there's B2B. I prefer operating in the B2B space. I what I try to do in business in my career what I suggest anybody does in their uh even if they're employee is you look at what businesses need. So for example I have a really really amazing head of customer success at Hyros Peter. Now, he started off as a customer success agent and he absolutely mastered being a customer success agent. Then he mastered managing other customer success agents and then learned a ton about churn and customer success and managing teams and lowering churn and uh analyzed the metrics to then lower churn to the point that he had massive leverage at Hyros to get a little bit of equity at our company that's making him a lot of money now. And so what did he did? He he analyzed what our business needed and what's very impactful in the SAS space and he just mastered that. And it took him a couple years to do it. Now he's making really good money doing that. So even if you're an employee, which is fine. Most people watching these videos are going to be employees most of their life. That's fine. You can make lots of money doing it. It's cool. I know a lot of people don't even want to make hundreds of millions of dollars. Maybe if you just made $500,000 million per year, but it's something you enjoy doing that make you happy. This is how you do it. So in B2B, what you want to do is you look at businesses and you look at where there's breakage or there's things that can be radically improved and you get very good at doing that. specifically in the hired positions of of B2B businesses. People don't want their chief executives to just be midwits who do nothing, which is what a lot of companies do. There's a lot of companies out there that are cash driven profit focused. They're not these corporate companies that just have endless revenue. And if you can come in and make the business that's making a million, $2 million per year, 20% more with your effects by, for example, coming in as a head of customer support that's able to lower churn or something like that, they're going to be able to ask for that money. So, what you do is you pick your trade and you just go balls deep into it. Now, what's going to happen in your trades and when you're learning to do these things is it's going to be like a skill tree in World of Warcraft or The Witcher or I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. You You're a nerd. You know what a skill tree is. You're not out picking up chicks and getting laid or anything like that. You're a little goblin dwelling Dobby from Harry Potter living under the staircase kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what a skill tree is. Come on now. So, what you want to do is you want to pick your trade. Okay, so my trade was sales and then I got really good into SAS, building SAS businesses, but pick your trade and just go as deep as you can into it and then look at where the industry is going and where the demand is going to be heading in the future and what's the most cutting edge thing that most people don't know how to do and just learn it. Learn that skill to the point where you're one of the few people to deliver results. If you can do something at a level higher than everybody else and also it's very in demand and nobody else can do it, you are going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money because you have results and leverage. So whatever you're doing out there, whether you're becoming a developer, whether you're working in sales, whether you're going to master customer success, whether you're going to be in web design or design, you need to just go out there and don't focus on going to college and playing the midwit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game and going up hierarchies and playing systems and roaring about people liking you. just be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at something that you have the ability to deliver results and then thus you have leverage. And how do you become really good at that something? You sit down and you just enable every part of your life to focus around that. There's going to be a video linked below here that talks about how to focus in on a skill, master it, and become so damn good at something that you just beat everybody else in it. I will break down exactly how to structure your life and do it and how I did it. It'll make it very, very clear. go below this video, watch that'll be titled improvement [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video or I don't think I can cuss in the description improvement poo poo poo poo kaka video something like that you you go click it and that will fix this problem that I'm talking about here because that's a whole entire other video but what you need to be thinking the whole moral of this video right here and then the same thing I talked about before applies to doing this for people too for example like my the person that did our our wedding we had to pay her so much money because she's so good at it and like she had leverage and she's like well you know if you're not if you don't want the super wedding that you want. Well, you then go to someone else. She gets paid a lot of money, make weddings. So, again, same exact thing. She her result is the appeal and the Instagramness of the wedding and stuff like that. So, same exact thing. I talk about business, but I don't I don't do weddings for people and I don't do like coaching or anything like that anymore. So, we're not going to talk about that. But the point of this video, coming back to all of this, is when you are sitting around thinking and being confused about money, you need to be thinking to yourself, am I obtaining the ability to deliver results that are unique and then give me leverage. If not, go back to the drawing board, go after those results, and leverage. I don't care what your trader profession is, there is a point where you can get so good at it or get so niche at it or figure out something that nobody else is doing in it just by exploring your craft. Yeah. I don't even if you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] plumber, if you were just like get really into plumbing and get to the point that you can only fix like a certain type of leak or you can create a new type of fix or solution system to something, massive leverage, you're going to be rich. It doesn't matter. You just have to sit down and stop thinking in this midw society system that we live in, which is full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hoops and ladders that are very confusing and more into what is the absolute heart of making money? Result and leverage. So every time you want to make money or get rich in life, think to yourself, am I obtaining the skills that give results and leverage? Now, to focus in on do that, there's a video below that below here called the poo poo kaka video. I also made a video on how to get to your first $100,000 million per year below this video. They're complete. There's no course. There's no gimmick. There's no site to go to. It's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there. So, enjoy it and away with you. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: 99% Of Men Are Doomed. Do This NOW To Make It
VIDEO ID: veoqCpndof4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veoqCpndof4
================================================================================

Dude, the feminist, they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] won. Looking at these stats right here, if you're a man in America who wants to be successful, which I assume you are because you're watching these videos, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're screwed, man. And I'm sure you're somewhat aware of this. It's why you're probably pessimistic and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all the time, which is why you see the title of this video, how to beat 99% of men, and you're super skeptical that in the next 13 minutes, I can show you how to do that. And frankly, I get why you think like that when we go through these stats and these metrics right here that's happened. It's bad. And I know what you're thinking. And this douchebag in front of Lamborghini probably just wants to sell me some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, I'm already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not going to sell you anything. And by all metrics, I've beat a 99% of men. I'm very rich. I bet the nine figure net worth in my early 30s. I've had a six-pack for a decade now. And I'm also happily married to an attractive woman who is nice to me. So, by all tangible metrics, I've beaten 99% of men. So, you better trust me. Six ways to your mom's chocolate milk cookies that Yeah, I can tell you how to do it. And it really comes down to one thing I'm going to show you in this video. And it's the one thing all these dudes that are suffering from these stats I'm about to go through are lacking. So [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pay attention for 10 minutes, please. Because what's happening to these guys, what's going to happen to you is dark. Look at these stats. This is ridiculous. I just went to chat GBT and said, "Chat GBT, how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are men in America?" I didn't actually ask that. It gave me a completely different picture. Got some really interesting links on that. I'm not going to say I didn't explore them, but that's off topic. So, we're not going to That's a totally other video. That's a very sexy video that we're gonna have in the future when I have more followers and you can unsubscribe. But looking at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like right now, what is going on with you guys? And again, I have to solution to this, but let me let's judge and and laugh at men in America right now. One in three men under 30 haven't had sex in a year or ever. In 2008, 8% of men 18 to 24 were virgins. By 2018, the number has doubled to 27%. I guarantee now it's in like the 35% 40%. And among men 18 to 30, over 25% say they've never been in a serious relationship. But wait, wait, it gets dark, man. You guys just aren't not getting laid. Men under 40 are two to three times more likely to be addicted to porn, gaming, and substances. So, for the many of my followers, look guys, I love you all the same. I know you're 5'2 neck beards. I know hentai catg girls and sitting in your room smoking pot while rubbing butter on your belly is really your favorite thing to do. But come on, guys. We got to get it together. Heck, just looking at this right here, one in three men aged 25 to 34 live with their parents. And over four out of 10 men in the US is morbidly obese. One in three men, one in three men 18 to 39 are obese. And of all you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on dating apps, women are swiping right, which is accepting you 5% of the time. Look, I get why it's dark, man. After reading all that, I get why you guys are a little bit pessimistic these days. I get why you're a little bit edgy and why you're upset all the time because it clearly looks like the world is against you. And when you look at everything on the news, they hate men. When you look at women right now, they've changed and they hate men. Everywhere I go on my newsfeed right now, I'm just going to put a little newsfeed of mine on here. It is the war against men. The loneliness epidemic of men. Men are making less money than ever. It's harder to make money and make your way in the world than ever. the entire Democratic party has made it their mission to either me to you, make sure you're poor or make you feel bad for using the wrong pronouns or punish you for not being by. And so when you look at this total summary of everything that's happening to dudes right now and the effects of it, man, the world is is really bad for dudes right now. There is literally a war against men and uh they they're winning. And in this video, I'm going to fix all that. I'm going to fix it all actually in the next 10 seconds. But then I'm going to fix it, give you the thing to focus on. Just one thing. It's just one thing. It's one little thing and then I'm going to show you a few paths that you can do, things you need to do now if you're in your 30s or definitely extremely like immediately if you're in your 20s that will fix all of it. It will fix it all. You'll be fine. So, here's number one. Here's the big one. All right. Get get out your notebook over here. Write out your notebook. Get a Sharpie. It's going to be very big. You're only going to need to write one thing. Here it is. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Point number one. I'm going to give you a few simple things you will do that if you do, I promise you, you will beat 99% of men. Hands down. Easy. it won't be a problem. I'll even link you to videos right after this that are going to enable you to get rich. And I won't even sell you a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] course or some mastermind or some Discord group where I try to teach you how to be a man. I'm not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. I'm just going to fix it all in one video. And I'll show you to make money without selling a course either. I'll fix it all in couple videos. If your short Gen Z millennial brain can avoid the Tik Tok syndrome of clicking away here for a couple minutes, here's the thing you need to keep in mind. Who gives a point one as a man? It is. There's never been a time in society where your job was to sit around and care and take care of other men. Maybe when you get to some point of giant wealth or something like that like I'm doing now and helping you, but who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares what the world is doing? There is an endless amount of men making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money right now. I made [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money already this year and there's absolutely nothing stopping you from doing that. Yeah, the whole entire world is throwing men down a bus and a lot of men are succumbing to the negativity that's being thrown at them. Does that mean you have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it? And does it mean the negativity is even that hard to deal with? Let me let me break one thing down for you right here. If you compare this time of being a man compared to any other time in society's history, it's technically easier than ever. Look, I know the 70s to the 2005s or whatever, it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome to be a man. Cuz not only were women out of the workforce, so you made all the money. There was no internet so you couldn't get metoed. There was no social media so you weren't having to compete against good-looking guys with six-pack women. They really only know the the immediate 150 200 dudes within their vicinity. Okay? So, if you were like the one dude that was like a seven or something, you were doing pretty well. Now, a seven is basically a two. If you go on Instagram, every girl is like, "Why don't why don't Zack Efron looks like this? Why don't you? Zack Efron has a million dollars. Why don't you?" So, yeah, it's it's the comparison and everything. It's it is pretty hard right now compared to like the ' 80s or 70s, but you go back maybe like 40 in the 40s or something like that. They were literally grabbing you and putting you on ships and sending you off to war. Like in the 50s or 70s, literally the average experience for a 20-year-old was you get kidnapped by the government and have to go to the jungle to fight in a mortal combat fight to the death against a bunch of angry Vietnamese people climbing in tunnels whose life goal was to light you on fire. Like, it's not that bad, first off, but secondly, just cuz 99% of other dudes are having a bad time, it doesn't mean you have to have a bad time. Look, I'm going to tell you something straight up. I made a ton of money this year. Since the age of 30, I've had a six-pack. When I was 20 years old, I was very, very bad at talking to women. I was an incredibly awkward [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] As you can see, I've totally become well adjusted in this day and age. If you look at Yeah, this is this is peak emotional maturity and stability right here. But ignore the fact I was bad at talking to women. I managed to fix that. I was in fact just a basket case. I was depressed all the time, drinking, watching the tits on the inner tube, smoking pot, doing all the things. And now I I don't. And I'm going to tell you what, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Joe Biden, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the woke the the woke cult, a bunch of purple-haired women, the the women from the view, they they didn't show up on my doorstep and stop me. Nothing. No one showed up to stop me. And so, the bigger point I have to I have to get into right now before all this as I scroll through my YouTube newsfeed constantly. constantly reading Charlie Kirk or whatever his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name is telling me how hard it is to be a man and seeing Andrew Tate and all the other people and everybody in their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dog out there and all the ma fitness influencers and male uh alpha male influence telling me, "Oh, it's so hard being in war on men so dark right now. Women suck right now." Blah blah blah. Women have always sucked. When was when was there a time when there wasn't a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dudes who were not doing well in life that were mad that they weren't getting laid? Like women have never been nice to dudes first off. There was never like a time where you were in a bar like I I went up and I I lived back in the day where you'd have to approach women at bars. Trust me, they weren't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nice. If you were a short little 5'2 neck beard and you went approaching women at the bars with your little funky haircut, want to show them your Pokemon cards and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, they weren't nice then either. Okay, there's a point where frumpy little dudes had a good time. So, get get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of your mind. I'm sorry that women are going on Only Fans now and showing their butts for millions of dollars. The thing that you need to come back to as I as I before I get on any of these rants right here is it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter if it's hard. There is nothing stopping you from being that 1% of man that gets all the things that everybody's talking about that they can't get anymore. There's nothing stopping you. Yes, 99 other dudes are having a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time. Why do you? There is nothing stopping you from making good amounts of money. There's nothing stopping you from getting a six-pack and being good-looking and taking care of yourself. I know the average view on this channel has a height of about 411, but other than that, I mean, you you there are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] girls out there for you. You'll be fine. You go into your little Hobbit gym, my little 4 foot1 followers, you can lift some weights, get jacked, you'll be fine. You still won't be able to reach the top shelf at the grocery store, but that's fine. You just don't just don't go to the grocery store with women. You got Whole Foods people to go shopping for you right now. They'll grab the top shelf for you. Just go hire some tall 6'7 Amazonian woman to go do your shopping. Heck, you could just go marry a tall Amazonian woman. She'll get all the top stuff. You won't even need to use those stools or ladders. Okay, I'm done with this rant. There's nothing stopping you from taking care of yourself when you're looking. There's nothing stopping you from being incredibly remarkably strong and not playing video games or smoking pot or drinking or watching pornography 24. There's nothing stopping you. And so what I see all these men doing out there is they watch all these videos and they're just like, "Well, I guess I'll just be an insult now. Like the world's so mean to me. It's so tough out there. All the women on the view keep saying I'm bad. I guess they'll justing ruin my life." Like that's what I'm seeing guys doing. And you just have to simply not submit. I don't care if it's hard. I don't care if most people are failing. Just don't be the one that fails. All it takes is it's not easy. It's not easy. But you just have to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] consistent. Pick where you want to go in life. Pick the things that you don't want to have problems with or you don't want to suffer from and then fix them. I'm going to give you some really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] starting points right here. So look, as a man right here, there are things that are going to control your results in life more than anything else. It's your ability to make money. It's ability to control your health. It's your ability to be mentally strong and it's going to be your ability to probably interact with women. So, here's lesson number one on all these four things is you need to take the mind if you're a man right now. Every single one of these four things is adjustable. For some reason, I almost everyone I knew growing up, everyone I know now still believes this. Everybody, most men seem to believe that all these things are just set in stone. Like you either are born with the ability to make money, talk to women, be in shape, be decent looking, and handle your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay? They feel like your personality, everything's just ingrained into it. So, when I was growing up and I was in my 20s or whatever, no one I knew was trying to figure out how to make more money. No one I knew was trying to improve at talking to women. No one I knew that was trying to really improve their body shape or whatever. They're just like, "Oh, 22, this is basically what I look like." If you look at me in my 20s versus how I look now, no, you're not. It's not just basically what you look like. Every aspect of yourself outside your atrociously, atrocious shortness is completely augmentable. You can change all of it. And so the first thing you need to realize is you can just change all this just like a character in a video game. There's almost nothing you can't change, especially if you're still young. And so you have no excuse for just being like, hm, all right, so all I have to do is move these meters over here and then I'll be above the 99% of men and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they're dealing with that looks like a bad time. I mean, sitting in my house smoking pot, jerking off to dudes, pretending to be girls on only fans, that seems dark. I don't want to be there. So I'm going to adjust these meters right here. And then all you have to do is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. So, here's where you start with any of these things. Let's talk about money. Are you going to be as rich as me? Well, look, I'm 37. It took me like 15 years, a long ass time to get to the large net worth I have now. That's really slow. I see so many 20-year-olds doing it so much faster. I I'm I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. I'm really not that good compared to most 20-year-olds I seeing today. I'm seeing so many 20-year-olds building better, smarter, faster businesses than I did when I was 20. I mean, my first businesses, Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Batman. That was some dark [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But I'm seeing kids putting together SAS businesses and getting to an $80 million valuation in their second week now. All right. So, are you going to get as rich as me? Maybe. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You should give it a shot. I did it. But the thing you need to realize is even if you're not trying to get worth multiple nine figures or hundreds of millions of dollars. You can still learn valuable skills. You learn those valuable skills and then you sell them to businesses or you do them for businesses as a job. You can make tons of money as an employee. By the way, by the way, I have employees at my company who joined Hyros who started off as like the COO, for example. They worked their way up originally to CEO, then they got equity in my company. Uh there's people at my company right now that have almost an eight figureure net worth just from working for me. So, you can do it as an employee. You just have to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at what you do. So, the first thing you need to think about when it comes to money is a I can get rich or make a lot of money at least compared to most people. And then realize the way to do that is you take your trade [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seriously. I know this sounds like such basic advice, but there's so many people out there that don't look at their trade and say, "hm, what are the skill sets that go into being able to charge a lot for my job?" For example, Facebook just went and offered someone $100 million to come program their AI. What did that person do? He's an employee. He's getting paid hundreds of million dollars because he went and learned a valuable skill set that a business needs. So, what you want to learn if you're an employee or a person selling to businesses is what do businesses need? What do people who are making money need? And how can I create something that gives them value that makes them more money or saves them money? and then learn how to do that really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] well. That's it. Like even if you're employee or you make a business, they're both the same thing. What do I do at high-risisk my software company? I looked at what businesses were doing running ads and I thought, how can we make them more money? How can we give them value? And then how can I build teams, build software, and do all those things? So, I figured out a bunch of things to do that, but it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] augmentable. And it started literally when I first got in the business, I said, what do businesses need? They need more customers. What's one way I could do that? SEO. There's a plethora of different ways. I followed that path. I use that to also land jobs doing SEOs for companies that I worked at. Just realize that you can poke the matrix back. That's the most important thing I got to say because when I was 20 years old, I thought, hm, I don't where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does money come from? Why do people make money? Why do people get paid a lot of their jobs? I didn't know. And I didn't think it was augment. I wasn't going to college or anything like that. So, I was like, ah, cuz I just can't make money. Nothing's further than the truth. You are completely in control of how much money you make. You just have to learn skills that make people money or give value to people and then master those. and work very very hard them just like playing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] World of Warcraft for 40 hours a day. If you approach it like that, you're going to win. Next, your health. How you look, everything that goes in that. And yes, your health applies to how you look. I'm not going to be talking so much about like personal health in terms of like your organs and how long you live. That's extremely important, but that's probably not bogging you down right now. I'm talking about your actual physical health. Look, if you're a dude outside of how short you are, there is nothing stopping you from understanding how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food works, getting a basic skincare routine, making some money to fix your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] teeth. If you got jacked up, jaggled tooth, get some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] braces. Trust me, I know it sucks. My parents literally waited till the last year of high school to put me in braces. That was a fun last year. Fix your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] teeth. Learn some basic grooming. And then learn how to get a six-pack and put on muscles on your body. Learn how to eat protein and do these things. I wasn't necessarily good at any of these things when I first got started. I looked like a foot when I was in my 20s because I chronically drank and smoked pot and ate pizza for every single meal. There's nothing stopping you from learning these things. So, sit down and make a goal to absolutely learn how food works, what goes in your body and learn how to work out with aggression. I'm not saying you have to be some bodybuilder taking steroids or anything like that, but there is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason you shouldn't have a six-pack. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What are you doing with your time? Why do you have to eat cupcakes or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing that's stopping you from getting it? Why don't you Why don't you have some semblance of muscles? Why are you not lean? It's all controllable factors. These are all by your choice. Are the hot pockets and Chipotle burritos more important than what's going to control your results in life, which is your appearance. People are going to treat you differently. Women are going to treat you differently and you're going to feel better and feel more confident and you're not going to suck like 99% of men if you just go and handle this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here. Finally, your mental well-being and fortitude. Stop trying to avoid hard things in life. That's the only thing you have to do. What you need to do at 20, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who are living with your parents, like, what are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing? The reason why so many men are suffering right now is because they're allowed to be little baby ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When I was 18 and I was barely past high school, my dad was like, "Well, I'll see you later." And I joined the military and I learned how to be a man after that. I learned how to handle my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get together, which is what most men don't get the chance to do. They either go to college and their parents pay for it. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Or they stay in their parents house and like work from there and like don't go out and move out and like go see the world and stuff. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Or they sit around and they find some other reason tooodle around and not take on life's challenges. When you are 18 years old, you better have your suitcase [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] packed. Move out of your parents house, but it's expensive. Go bunk up with four other dudes who feel the same exact way. But I need to go to like college and have experience. No, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't. Just go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] find go move to college town. I guarantee there's three, four dudes. They're all broke, too. And you could just go split a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apartment or a few bedroom apartment. When I was in my 20s and I got out of the military, I just went and lived with buddies who were in college. And I had just a tiny little one-bedroom in this house, like this tiny little closet bedroom. And it was very, very cheap. Any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can afford that. I was working as a bartender/barback and then eventually doing little side gigs online for SEO. I wasn't making a lot of money. So, what you need to do immediately if you're young, get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of your parents house and just go out there and just throw yourself in the world and live broke. It's fine. It's fine. And what's going to teach you is how to handle your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and grow. That's going to make you mentally strong. I'd also encourage you to go and start learning how to fight. One of my biggest regrets is not going and doing more Muay Thai or jiu-jitsu when I was younger. In fact, I did none of it cuz I was a giant baby back [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I only started doing tons of it when I got older. But that's just going to help you another layer of confidence and mental fortitude. and then go actively pursue learning and not putting up with your stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] emotions. Those emotions in your head and the things that's telling you to cry or think or feel an ego or some emotional response to all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] videos telling you your life's over as a dude on internet. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ignore them and learn how to ignore them. Just get really good at ignoring those things. It doesn't matter. It's irrelevant. Those thoughts are not you. They have nothing to do with you. Like you can literally just sit here and watch your thoughts and all these stupiding things your brain produces. You can watch it like a television show. So that's obviously not you cuz you're watching it. So, not getting into that deep part right there, but master your damn mind and throw yourself into challenges. The reason why so many men are suffering is because they need to be challenged. You need to go and challenge yourself. When it comes to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] porn, video games, smoking, doing all stuff, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop doing it. I don't know what to tell you. Like, you know this is going to make your life so much worse, yet you keep doing it. I know it's tough. I've had to get off marijuana at 1.2. Marijuana. I think that's how the the grown-ups say it now. I sound old, but I had to stop doing that stuff at one point, too. Yeah, you can't sleep for a little bit. It's annoying. And yeah, not drinking every weekend while your boys are at the bar getting drunk and you're at home working. Yeah, it's kind of hard. And not playing video games. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's kind of depressing not being able to play Fortnite with your boys. But guess what? You get to be rich and have everything else you ever wanted in life. So, it kind of pays off. Just don't do these things. I'm not going to make a whole video on stopping these things right now. I have a video on not drinking that I'll give you later in this video that applies all those things in video games and whatnot. Then finally, women. So many guys are down and out cuz women suck now. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care if every girl is becoming a porn star right now and is mean and wants to date a tall millionaire. Why don't you just go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be a tall Well, most of you guys can't do it. Why don't you just go be a jacked millionaire? I see all these videos like, "Oh, all the men think they want to all the women want to date just Chads now and they they see all these movie stars on Instagram and social media is a thing. bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chess who are mad that they have to compete in the genetic arena of dating and sex. I'm sorry that women's expectations are too high these days. And I'm sorry women are crazy. They've always been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Like, thank you, internet, for discovering that women say all sorts of crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and do crazy things. And now dudes are like, "Well, girls are just either [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these days or they want they want too high status of men, so I'm just going to sit in my house and be an incel." Okay, great. your competition if you're a dude is even lower than it was before when I had to go do it. Like back in the day, I had to go to bars and actually walk up to women and talk to them. But guess what? Guess what? Out of when I would go to bars or I go out to meet women, there'd be 100 other dudes at the bar. I was the only one walking up and approaching girls and like trying to get good at talking to them. So, the first thing I'm going to tell you is that one, your ability to interact with women is just like everything else I talked about. You could just improve that. Now, I don't think I'm the world's best game player out there, the best spitter of game. I'm no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ryan Gosling, but you can get to the point where your interactions with most women are going to go pretty well. And then I see everybody complaining, oh, they want they want some millionaire with a six-pack. Why don't you just go be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] millionaire with a six-pack? Then all you have to do is just not eat potato chips, do crunches every single day, and then pick a craft and work on it and avoid video games, porn, and drinking, whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] other weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing. Like, you can do it. If if if that's your concern that women's bars are too high, yes, that sucks for the other 99% of dudes out there. It really does. You can't be some fat chad and expect to trick girls into dating you anymore. It sucks. I know. But for you, you don't have to be in that. You could just be the one the one that people pursue. Now, I'm not saying I'm the master of game or women or anything like that. I am telling you that if you focus on yourself and improving yourself, if you become mentally strong, you get yourself in shape, you make some money, you're going to be a top-of-the-line guy. And while I'm not saying every girl and their pack of sority sisters is going to want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, you're going to probably have a pretty decent ratio. an experience with women and you're probably not going to hate all of them because the experience will usually be positive because you're actually providing value which is what everyone's looking for in a relationship. The women's seeking value, you're seeking value, too. Instead of saying, "Well, I suck ass. Why does no one want to date me? Cuz you suck ass." And the solution all this too and all this this Gooner stuff and incel stuff, just go work on yourself. And then when you've reached the point where you're a top tier dude, if you're still awkward around women, everything cuz God forbid I was just terrible at it, just go practice. Just go practice. Go out, walk up to a girl, talk to her. Going to go terrible. She's going to think you're there to collect her hair and sniff her or something, which you probably are. I know you guys watching this channel, but it's fine. She'll reject you. Then just go do it again. And just just go do it again. Just go do it again. And then go on dates. Just when you trick them to go on the dates with you, just just go on more dates. And eventually, you'll just get comfortable and you'll realize the flow of the conversation, how it goes. And then she'll be like, "Wow, he does kind of well in life. Wow, he's not an emotional child. Wow, he like actually goes to the gym and doesn't have snaggle teeth and like washes his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face. And wow, he's like doing interesting things in his life. He's interesting. And guess what? Most of your interactions with women at that point when you have a decent socially passable personality and you have things going for you are going to be positive because you are going from being a commodity to rare. It's none of this is that hard. None of this is that hard. And I think the main thing that is really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up dudes right now is they go through these endless doomer posts and these videos from dudes telling you all women are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now. It's impossible to make money. The government hates you. The animals are leaving. All the men out there are suffering and and you you are going to suffer too and the world's just rigged against you. And they think in and every dude is thinking it's so hard right now. It's not. No one's even coming and trying to ship you off to fight a bunch of angry Asians in the woods. Your life is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. You just need to go and address the things I talked about head on. these these are just problems with long-term consequences that that all you need to do is overcome some short-term pain to get through and that's it. It's all going to be fine. So, in conclusion, yes, 99% of men are going down the drain. It's a war on dudes. Yes, there is clearly something really nasty going on the world that wants men to suffer and everything. And I don't think Andrew Tate is wrong. I don't think all these guys on the internet are technically wrong. What I think they're they're not helping is just this endless cultural shift of men deciding it's better to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it instead of just put it in an itemized checklist and deal with it one at a time. Other than the fact that you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything else is just completely up to you. It's completely up to you. And for the two people watching this video who got hit by a meteorite as a kid and you're like you're deformed and you look like you look like Dobby from Harry Potter, like I don't know. I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] help you. But for the 99% of dudes that are watching this video that everything in life is like mostly normal, you're fine. Just go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handle it. Write the list. Take it out. Checklist one at a time. You got it. You're going to be fine. Now, if you want to learn how to make money and whatnot, here's a video on how to get started to make your first 100,000 million bucks a year. Probably a good place to start. And um if you want to stop drinking and doing stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've linked them in the description. Okay, bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How to Get Richer Than 99.8% of People
VIDEO ID: 9QDk4PPHRFc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QDk4PPHRFc
================================================================================

So, I know what you're thinking as you read that title. There's no way this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as good-looking as he is, could explain one concept in 13 minutes that is going to make me millions of dollars and rich for the rest of my life. You're wrong. I'm about to exactly do all that. And I'm not even going to sell you a course like 99.9% of everyone else on YouTube. I'm already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. I don't need your money. It's okay. I'm actually just pissed now that you're doubting me. Which is why I'm going to explain this one concept to you that if you get you will realize making money is not about hard work or any of the high coup [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you see in the sidebar right now about figuring out your mind or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the people on the internet are telling you these days. You just have to do this one thing and optimize your life around it and it will be virtually almost impossible for you not to get rich. It will be like going to Vegas and playing 100 rounds of roulette and betting red and losing every single time. It's just not going to happen. You're going to hit. And the only thing separating you from a life of a lot of money, which you want since I assume you're here, and a life of no money or less money than you want, maybe you're a business owner, you're already making some good money. The only thing separating you from that is listening to me for the next 10 minutes. Okay, you good? Let's begin. So, the thing that people misunderstand about money is they think it comes down to hard work or skills or I don't know, whatever. You go to a business event, you'll see people on stage talking about all sorts of wahoo stuff about how to go out there and be successful, get good at hiring, get good at building software, get good aware. No, it's it doesn't come down to any of that. What making money comes down to is truly just understanding how to take risk, manage risk. I'm just going to put an M here because I'm not going to rattle this out. You won't be able to read it anyways. My handwriting style is is that of a fresh pressed [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, this is really just for me to help me think. So, bear with it. And then making decisions about said risk. This is this is it. If you were actually extremely good at this and know how to efficiently do these things, you don't even have to work. Let me explain. Let's say you bought Bitcoin at $1, you can make billions of dollars. You wouldn't have to work a day in your life. If you bought Apple when it originally launched and you were able to take a risk with that with a h 100,000 whatever dollars, you put a million dollars in there, then by now you'd be a billionaire. You'd never have to work a day in your life. Making money has nothing to do at all with hard work or the skills you have as an entrepreneur. This is the first course understanding of making money that you have to have. And the reason why so many people are so bad at making money is because they one refuse to take risk and then they get very bad at managing risk and in making decisions around risk. If you are super [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at this, you don't have to do any work whatsoever. You just have to sit around make decisions about risk all day. Which is why Warren Buffett is so damn rich. The guy doesn't work, doesn't run any companies. He just invests and takes very smart risk every single day. It's the epidome of the core of making money. Now, let me explain this to you in a way that will actually make you rich now that you understand this. See, what most people try to do is they try to make money their entire life while not taking risk. They go to college, no risk. They just get in debt, which is risk of its own, a very stupid risk, but it's not it's not a risk from their perspective. They try to go and save money. They try to work a job and not get fired. They try to build businesses. Even if you're a business owner right now, do you want to know the reason you're not making as much money as you want? don't take any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] risk. You try to outwork. You try to outthink. You try to outrun. Do everything you possibly can to avoid this one thing, risk. And so, the reason why most people stay poor and most entrepreneurs never get the levels they want to get to is they avoid risk at all cost. And what risk truly is is actually the misvaluing of an asset. And what risk truly is is the chance of misvaluing an asset. But the better way to look at risk is entering a situation where the outcome of an asset's value is unknown. It could be $1,000. It could be 50. And if you buy at a higher price or a lower price, it's going to affect your outcome. So, for example, if you buy something for $60 and it ends up being worth $1,000, you make a lot of money. If it ends up being worth 50 cents, you lose a lot of money. Uncertainty. And so, what people are actually trying to avoid is uncertainty, not so much risk, but they're interchangeable words, so we'll use the word risk. So, h how does this make sense? So, let me put this in perspective for you so you really, really see this. So, for example, I work about the same amount of hours as a plumber would. Okay? I worked sometimes 8 to 10 hours a day, sometimes recently, sometimes I only work four hours a day. Regardless, we'll put in when I was starting my business, we put in the I put in the same amount of hours that a plumber did. Why do I have a net worth that's worth hundreds of millions? And why does the plumber not? It's because my net worth involves massive amounts of risk and putting my time and energy into things that might not pay off. and then more so putting money, lots of money behind things than eventually once I had access to money that might not pay off and were valued extremely low at one point. Really think about that real quick. How did I achieve a 9 figureure net worth from my software companies? Let's not even involve my crypto and all the other weird bonkers [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I do just software. It's because I obtained control of my companies at when they were worthless and then I invested my time and energy into something that might have turned out worthless and then I invested lots of money into something that again might have turned out worthless. And so if you really look at the difference between me and a plumber, it's not because I decided to build a software company per se. It's not because I outworked him or did some different type of work that was her. I mean, if you ever seen a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] plumber do work, have you ever seen people do lawn care? That's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. I sit at this computer all day and send little private messages to my staff like a 15-year-old girl and and make millions and millions of dollars a month. I I I do not work hard compared to them. So really the secret to my success right here is not the fact that I outworked them. It's the fact that I took risk and applied work or invested work in risky assets that were low value and then later on became worth massive value. Well, they took no risk. They showed up on a job and they worked very hard, but there was no risk behind them showing up and fixing a toilet. This is the same thing you look at with employees. This is the same thing you look at with most entrepreneurs. They do stuff they know is going to work. They don't take risk with their time, money, and thoughts. So again, if we go back to it, let's say when I was forming hyros originally, let's say I just hired one of me, a person who's smart as me, and I just sat in the background and told them the type of company I need to build. And let's assume they did all the work. There's lots of people who do that exact situation. I could have built high-risisk without ever working a single hour. Why? Because then I would take even more risk by hiring someone, paying them, and then just telling them what to do. Or maybe not even telling them what to do. I just find someone with a good idea and I invest in them and then I'd make the many millions of dollars I have now. That's exactly what other people do as well. So, you can see the core to all this never comes down to hard work or effort. It comes down to accurately being able to judge and manipulate risk to obtain assets for far far far less than they're worth. Whether the way to obtain the asset is by obtaining it early when it's first made like a company or by being misjudged in its value. And then the other flip side of that is manipulating the asset via work or your own influence to adjust the risk. And so again, we go back to this again. You have to really understand this. The reason why some people get extremely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich and most people don't is they know how to deal with risk. If you want to find people and you want to see why they're not getting the money they want in their life, it's because they don't take any risk. And the thing is, the more risk you take, the better you get at judging risk. For example, when I was first starting software companies, I was very bad at judging risk. I couldn't judge people. I couldn't judge what I was doing. I didn't know how to invest the money. I didn't know how to move the money around. It just didn't work out very well. But as I've taken more risk over the years, as I've done a lot of risky things in crypto, as I've invested in more companies, as I've built more companies, as I've hired more people, as I've started more teams, I've gotten much much better at analyzing the risk. It's sometimes now I'm able to start companies where I don't work at them at all. I tell the CEO what to do. I tell him how to direct the teams. I find him the people and they do all the work. But again, I'm the one moving the money behind it and obtaining the asset at a very low value to manage the risk. And so really what we want to do if we want to get rich, if you want to get rich, the only thing you really need to optimize your entire life for is the ability to take and learn and get good at taking risk. So what does this look like? So people misunderstand risk when they think about it. They think it means starting a company. They think it means investing in Bitcoin or something like that. Risk comes in many forms. You have two assets. You have your time, of course, work, energy. Energy you put into work, which is kind of like time, but kind of different. So, we'll just keep it right there. You have your money. Okay. Most people don't risk any of these. They go into a job that's low risk. They put their work energy and all their work thoughts, all their high-powered thoughts and thinking behind that job or or a company or whatever where there's no risk and they don't really take risk with their money at all. Same thing applies to entrepreneurs. They go and start a business that is very low risk. For example, I had many info businesses out there. You see a lot of people starting info businesses and selling you courses on YouTube. You want to know why they do that? Because there's no barrier to entry. There's no risk. they can you you can start up a course and start selling it tomorrow. It's a fantastic business model if you don't want to take risks, which is why many people don't get rich selling courses, at least not what they want to be. If you see a lot of course sellers, they always cap out at about five million bucks a year or somewhere around there. If you want to w know why Alexi makes so much damn money right now is he took the influencer model and then applied more risk to it by actually acquiring businesses that then approach him and in growing those businesses obtain the asset for lower value and then blowing up the value of the business. And so we applied massive risk to the course seller model by not selling courses and instead selling something else which was the ability for him to buy businesses blew it up. So, like I said though, most people never get good at taking risk cuz they never take any risk. And so, most people spend their entire life avoiding the thing that generates all the money, which is why they're so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] poor. And our goal here is not to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] poor. It's it's to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. So, we can't be doing that. Don't don't be a silly goose. So, what we want to do from a young age is we want to be able to allow ourselves to take as much risk as possible with our time, our work thoughts, and eventually our money. Now, here's how you do this. Here's how you do this. This is where it all comes together. If you just do this over and over again for your entire life, you're going to be very rich. When you're 20, when you're broke, when you're whatever, when you're working a job, what you must first do is you must allow yourself maximum time to invest in risk. Now, what I mean by time to invest in risk, this means investing your time and energy into doing things that are risky, which is learning skills and trying things to make money that might not pay off. For example, if you're 17 years old and you spend two years learning code and learning to code video games, that's a massive risk. you just spent two years on that, but you walk away with the skill that allows you to produce income. That being said, that's not that high of a risk because plenty of people know code these days. If you had done that back in like, let's say, I don't know, 1995, you'd be a very rich person if you kept on going down that path and then applied more risk to it, which is starting a software company, launching your own software, selling your own software. So, how do we do this? Well, when you're 20 years old, I don't know how you're gonna go and generate money. I don't really care. But let's say 20, 30, 50, whatever. Let's say you just got a job. You have some ability to make money. You need to get your lifestyle cost as low as humanly possible. I don't care. Move to Wyoming. Get a studio apartment that's 300 bucks a month. There's stuff like this that exists. Get a share a a a two-bedroom unit. I don't know with some other dude. There's plenty of ways to live completely broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And so what you want to do is you want to find and reduce your life cost to absolutely nothing. Find or move somewhere where you are living right next to a grocery store or a gym because all you need to do is eat and work out as a dude. have a computer, have an internet connection, and you just go in there and you have to go work your job, have to do whatever you're going to do to pay for that, but that's going to allow you to work like 20 hours a week, maybe. The rest of your time, you go into trying to make money and taking risk. What are you doing right here? You're taking tons of risk. You are obtaining tons of assets for nothing that could be worth a ton in the future. One of the most important ones is yourself and your future skills in your body. For example, your body is an asset. what you're able to do, how you're able to perform as an asset. Just like LeBron James going on the court and playing basketball. That thing that he is inside of his body is worth billions of dollars. Look at everything it's generated. And the reason he's a billionaire is because he obtained that asset for free. And he took massive risk by investing everything in basketball. His time, his energy, and the rest you already know. So once you've done this, what's going to happen is when you take risk, eventually one of them pays off. When you go first start a business, you're not very good at managing risk. And so what's going to happen as you take risk, your judgment is not going to be as good. Which is why when you first originally take risk, you don't have much leverage and you don't have much judgment. The leverage is usually comes in the form of money. You just have work. And what work allows you to do with risk is manage and alter risk. So for example, when I started Hyros, yes, I put in lots of money. Yes, I hired the staff. Yes, I took risk financially, but I also augmented the risk with my own work and skills. And so what you're able to do when you take risk is you're able to twist it. you're able to play with the dice when you throw it out in the Nether Sphere. And the more effort you put into it through hard work and effort, the more you're able to augment the risk in your favor. If your judgment and ability to manage that risk is not as good as it should be. So, for example, if I was a very, very skilled investor or manager, I could have hired someone to build Hyros and just only paid for it outright and kept a huge chunk of Hyros and had someone else build it. So, you see how that works? It's because I was not as good at judging risk that I had to actually go and manage the risk. And so what you're doing in this initial point of it is your amount your actual leverage is very low. You don't have money. So you can't bring multiple people in and blow something up or just throw money at something when it's really cheap. But you can go out there and invest time and then you can manage the risk itself. Now what's going to happen when you start to do this is one of these risks is going to pay off. I don't care if it's your first job on landing on a freelance site. I don't care if it's your first business actually working. I don't care if it's you digging into like learning how to manage AI and then discovering something new that will work. One of these risks is going to pay off and it's going to start giving you leverage and it's going to start giving you money. And what you do at this point is you immediately start taking more risk. Let's say you learn how to make little AI agent bots. That's really popular online right now. Well, the second you know how to do that, you need to go and say, "All right, I'm going to start selling these to businesses." Maybe you're doing it for a business at first as like a support agent or something like that. Then you go and start selling it to businesses yourself. Okay? Now, you need to take more risk. You hire more people. You take that money to hire people. You take more risk with that and you hire those people. And then you start selling their time to businesses. Then you go out on your own and you find new ways to throw that money and other people's time and energy other than your own at things. Ak you are taking risk on risk on risk on risk. So what most people do when they win their first risk or two and they start making money. That's a that's a dollar sign by the way. They start making money. What they didn't do is they stop taking risks. They stop and they slow down. They go, "No, no, no, no. I've had enough. This is this is too scary." And then what happens? They try to outwork. They try to outpace everybody, but they don't go and make more money again because they stop taking risk. If you stop taking risk with your business, aka something that might be uncertain and can send you backwards or again what we're truly doing in purely analytical terms is we are putting money in a place where the outcome of that money is going to be uncertain. And we're using that money to obtain assets that value in the future is going to be uncertain. Now, of course, we can alter the outcome of those assets. Sometimes you can go into a business, you buy the business, you alter it, the business becomes much more valuable. You're manipulating the risk behind it. You're playing with the die. But at the end of the day, the main thing most humans try to avoid and the reason why they end up poor is because they don't take risk. If you constantly take risk, always, always, always, always. The risk eventually pay off. And then what you finally need to learn how to do is how to take risk without blowing up your entire life. So, what I talked about earlier on in this video about getting your life costs very low, that's an example of hedging for risk. So, if you have all this rent and all this stuff that you have to pay for in your life that's taking up all your money, you're not able to take risk. How do we make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money? We take risk. So, if you have money going towards other things that is stopping you from taking risk and giving you time to put your time in the risk, what are you doing? You are making yourself poor. But then, let's imagine your first risk pays off. So, let's imagine you're making 100k a year. What people then do is they then go and make the bank mistake I just talked about just at a higher level. They go and get some type of lifestyle or they move into a nice place instead of moving that money back and putting it back into risk. If you ever watch Mr. Beast, how did Mr. Beast actually get rich? One, his videos very clickable. Great use of the YouTube algorithm, but really he reinvested every single damn dollar, every ounce of leverage he had back into his business. He never took any money for like the entire time. You can see how powerful that is. But more so what you want to do more like a normal person is when you have this you go and then structure your life in a way where the risks are not going to ruin you so you can keep taking more risk. So for example when I was starting Hyros yeah I was investing hundreds of thousands of dollars in a month into Hyros but I had a business that was also generating hundreds of thousand dollars a month and I kept my lifestyle cost very very low. You can see how I balanced one risk with anti-risk and intelligently backing it up. What a lot of people do when they think about risk is they think you have to go allin. You never go all in unless you're a crazy person like Mr. Beast. You can do that all you want. By all means, go. But if you want to be smart, that's why we keep our lifestyles low or we set up hedges against our bets. So, if I'm going to bet a million dollars building this software company, you better bet I have a million dollars and everything saved up if it goes wrong. You plan for things to go wrong and then you take more risk. And so what you really want to do, my little buddy, as I start this video, is you need to structure your entire life around rapidly being able to take as much risk as possible and as much big risk as possible. You want to find ways to hedge your life and build it around it so that when you take these big risks, you have a backs stop that allows you to then take these risks without going nuts. And what a lot of people do is they don't build that back stop or they don't think about that. And then when they think about taking the risk, they think they have to take too much risk and then if they lose on that risk, they're going to lose it all. that's like I can't invest in these things cuz then it's going to hurt my lifestyle and everything. You need to just remove the thing that will be damaged behind it so you can keep taking more risk. And as soon as you have success with that risk, you set up another situation again where you've backed up the risk, you've made it so you're safe and you're able to take another big risk. And you just do this over and over and over and over again. And if you do this, all right, what's going to happen if you mess up one of those big risk? For example, when I started Hyros, I had a business before that we launched it. It didn't do so well. It didn't do too great, but it didn't ruin me because I set up and I hedged against it. So what did I do again? I took another risk because I had that hedge. I said, "Okay, cool. We're going to take another one." Hyro was built based on some valuation. That's a multi-figure company right now. Do you see how that works? Same thing worked with my businesses. When I had my first info businesses or my core selling businesses that don't really make enough money to go to distance, I used those to hedge to build my business. And then when I was building those info businesses or those original SEO businesses, I had a job. I hedged that took risk. And so, you have to set up your entire life to take risk. That is the point of this video. That is all you need to do. And if you just do that one concept over and over again, you will eventually hit gold. And then you repeat the process over and over and over again. And that's the only thing you truly need to understand about getting rich. Like, subscribe. That's a video.

================================================================================
TITLE: How The .01% Get Rich Faster Than Everyone Else (Tax Free)
VIDEO ID: eieJOF4kYaE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eieJOF4kYaE
================================================================================

So, I don't know if you heard. I'm just being humble of of course you've heard, but as you may know or not know really, I'm obnoxiously rich. And one of the reasons I'm obnoxiously rich is I move money in a very specific way that allows me to rapidly grow my net worth every single year without even needing to get paid. So, for example, just in the last year alone, I've increased my net worth by 20 $30 million at least. And that's not even factoring the money that I make for my businesses or crypto or my portfolios. And it's because I use a very tricky system for managing money that basically every single person that cleanly keeps past a 9 figureure net worth uses. Every single turbo rich person you know is doing this. They do not focus on actually making money. They focus on this. And if you understand what I'm going to show you in this video, you will be able to do the same exact thing too. Even if you are an employee, this is by far the most effective way to obtain wealth and spend wealth that there is bar none. If you do anything other than this, you're a goof troop. So pay attention. So the first thing you need to do is stop trying to make money in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ways. If you do this, eventually you run out of time because you die and then you can't make any more money. The goal is to make a lot of money and then spend it obscenely aggressively while you're still alive. Yachts, tigers, exotic woods, paying dudes pretending to be girls on Only Fans. That's how real men spend their money. And that's our goal, gentlemen. Your family, your children, this is not the channel for you. But jokes aside, we want to make money as fast as possible and then have the ability to spend it comfortably and enjoy our lives and enjoy that wealth. The way people try to make money, it doesn't work like that. Cuz what most people try and do is they try to make money from a job or make money from a business, it really doesn't matter. Then they get sent this money and if they live in America, they pay 40% tax in it, which makes things much harder. And then they also try to live off of that money at the same time. And then even if you're making, let's say, $2 million per year and then that money inflates and then it goes into the stock market, it goes up and it it's just a total disaster the way people try and make money because you don't want to make money off of income because it's very very slow. I don't care if you're LeBron James. I don't care if you're working a job at a marketing agency. I don't care if you're a business owner. It's really bad to try and get rich this way. Now, look, I make a lot of money per year in income, but that's absolutely not my focus. What I'm trying to do here is make 30, $50, $100 million per year in net worth. And I'll explain why here in a minute and how I do this because it applies down to anything. If you're trying to get to a million dollar net worth, you're trying to get to 5 million, 10 million, 100 million, same exact thing. So, look, I want you to actually stop looking at money as generating income. I mean, what you want to do with money is you want to view the best way to get rich is to obtain assets for less than they'll be worth in the future. I know that sounds simple, but there's really only one way that people get obscenely rich. It's by obtaining an asset for much less than it's worth in the future. Let me break down three examples that you see every single day. For example, an athlete, their body is an asset. It's worth nothing when they're born. They obtain 100% ownership of it. They go play in the NBA. They make $40 million per year. How do they go and get so rich here? They obtain the asset. A business, you start it from scratch. You they go and build the business from scratch. You obtain it day one. You get 100% ownership of it. You grow the business being worth $100 million. How did you make all that money? You obtained the asset when it was worth nothing. Now, the other way that people view it and the way I'm talking is they think about investing or whatever or you find inefficiencies in the market. For example, a really good example is after the 2008 crisis, people were really, really, really hating on high-risisk loans. And so while high-risisk loans were of course risky, they were being massively undervalued for the amount of risk that they had. So for example, if the loan was actually really worth $100, $200, people were selling them for $50 just because they were high-risisk loans. Yes, they were a shitty bad asset, but they were being valued way way below the ratio that their shitty badness warranted. Thus, a person that I know made an absolute killing just going and buying all these for $10 and then selling them for $100 at appropriate value like five years later. That's another example. For this example right here though, we want to focus on business and controlling the equity of businesses. And then we want to focus on growing the value of these businesses to high amounts at all cost. Why? So, the thing you need to understand about businesses, once they get to a certain size, you can borrow against them. You can also use the businesses to obtain assets which you can then borrow against. You need to understand that most people that are really really rich, they never actually make any money. What happens is they control a bunch of assets. So let's say someone obtains assets for $100 million and those appreciate over time if it's invested well or if it's a fast growing company, whatever by 5 to 8% per year. And so with this money right here, especially if it's a fast growing company, you really don't want to take money out of the company because then it's going to be taxed. And the point of this video is not taxed, by the I'm not here to tell you like how to get around taxes and whatnot. That's not the point of this video. The way you get around taxes is you move to Dubai and you stop being an American citizen. The end. There you go. There's your there's your tax le. But even so, it's very bad if you're an American citizen moving money in and out of business is because then you do pay the 40% tax or the 20% tax. Regardless, that doesn't really matter. What we want to try and do is we want to blow up this asset so that we can then borrow against it. So, let's say for example, you build a $200 million company. the dividends from this company is generating you let's say5 to10 million a year. This is great right here. Fine, whatever. But the more important thing is you can easily buy or borrow $30 million against the company and then pay the interest when it's not at 5% interest rates. Let's say we're at 2 to 3% interest rates out of the dividends it provides. And so what a lot of people are trying to do when they're building their company is they're just focused on getting this money out of the company, but then the company never grows. when in reality what you want to do is you want to grow the company valuation that then allows you to easily borrow against the company and the assets underneath it. So look what do most entrepreneurs and most people trying to make money do? So let's say you got a million dollar per year business in profit. Okay, it makes $2 million a year making $1 million a year in profit right here. So what most people are going to do is they're going to pay themselves this profit right here or they're going to try and they're they're going to try to keep the money. Maybe they'll keep it in their business and spend it some other wahoo way. I don't know. This is really stupid because what we want to eventually do is we want to be able to borrow against the value of the company. So what we can do is if we're making a $2 million per year business and 1 million in profit, the first thing you want to do is think where can I invest this money in the business that will grow the valuation the largest. So for example, let's say you have a software company and you have 10% churn. At a $2 million valuation or $2 million per year, you probably have like a company that's worth 10 million $15 million give or take. this company would be worth 30 $40 million if you got the churn down the 3%. So instead of going taking that money, you reinvested everything to get it down to 3% and instead of growing your net worth $5 million, you just grew your net worth $30 million. Do you see how that works right there? That's what someone will literally pay for the company. If you have a $2 million per year company at like 2% 3% churn, the valuation of the company is then going to skyrocket on top of you making much more money and whatnot. But then the other way you want to think about this is of course you're going to have profit coming in and sometimes you're not going to be able to have ways to invest it in the company. So let's say you got a million dollars in profit right here. What you can do is just buy a $1 million building or real estate with the company for an office based on how things climb. One, you didn't have to take money out of the company. Two, it's 100% tax deductible because you're spending it on the company. Three, this office is probably going to grow in value at 5 to 8% year if you bought it correctly. And this ultimately then goes down to the company value which you can then borrow against. And the way you want to start structuring your finances that works very very very well is you never actually want to be making any income. What you want to be doing is finding every way to stack up the valuations of your assets. Whether it's by reinvesting the money in the company or obtaining assets to appreciate in value and then holding them underneath the company. Now, there's a lot of times in business where you can buy assets that serve the business that also appreciate over time, which allows you, if you're in the United States, to basically not pay any tax on it while getting an asset that appreciates in value. So, for example, an office, land, and there's a lot of other creative things you can do to basically keep investing back in your business and buying assets for your business, but then those assets also appreciate. Now, of course, when you sell the assets and you have to pay capital gains tax and whatnot, but I'm not here to talk about the c the tax code. What you need to start focusing on is the way I try to structure my income and I don't borrow anywhere near amount of this money. But let's say I got a $50 million stock portfolio or when I take money out or anything, I want to have my assets. Now, if you take the money out and use it to buy a house, you use it to buy something, use it to pay for something, the money is not deployed functionally well. So, for example, you can keep this money in the stock market and make about 5 to 8% per year. Or you can go and take out, let's say, $3 million from the 50 million to buy a home that makes you nothing. Or what you can do when rates are much lower is you can borrow the $3 million while leaving it inside your portfolio. That increases at 5 to 8% or more per year. And then you pay from that 5 to 8% the 2% interest rates or whatever the interest rates will be on that money. The rates are very high right now, so you can't do this as easily as you used to be able to do it in the past, but rates will be low again. And so what I'm trying to encourage you to do in this video is the way you need to view everything, everything you do is you need to look at the total value of your net worth and the appreciation of that network for your stocks via your company. The two best ways to grow your wealth is one, if you make money from your businesses, try to keep it in the businesses and acquire assets that increase in value. So for example, your business makes $3 million. You could buy a $3 million office building that appreciates in value. Then borrow against the value of that building to pay for things with set prices like your home, your car. I wouldn't suggest building your lifestyle or day-to-day expenses off of borrowing. You want to buy things that are also assets that are not going to lose value, which most people's big purchases are going to be their car, home, stuff like that. You see a lot of people, for example, go and use their business and they purchase a private jet and then they rent the private jet out. So they have an asset that they didn't pay tax on while they own the private jet while the private jet flies around and makes them money off the asset. So this is how you have to start really viewing your money. And then if you do pay yourself out, what you never ever ever want to do is spend your money on lifestyle or anything like that until that money is working like this. So let's say you want to have a 50,000 per month lifestyle, right? Requires you 50k a month. This is going to require you about 600k a year. So, what you're going to need probably at this point is a $10 million portfolio generating you $500,000 to $800,000 per year in the stock market via lending, whatever you want to do from that, then you can spend out of this. Your lifestyle money should never ever surpass 5% of the money, the liquid money you actually have on hand. Never, ever, ever. And so, your goal forever and ever should be two things. If you take money out of your business or you keep any money, it's to invest it in assets that generate returns. But more importantly, your goal as a business owner or an employee is to try and build equity in the value of that equity. Now, you're not as able to do this if you're an employee unless you get large stakes in a company, which you can as an employee. I have employees at my companies that are at this point close to being eight figure millionaires because the equity they originally got in Hyros day one. But most importantly, if you're the owner of a business, which most of you guys are, you don't want to be taking money out of the business and doing that. You want to think, all right, cool. We have a business that's worth $5 million, $1 million. How do we get this business to 10 million, $50 million? Then when it's worth $50 million, you can easily borrow $10 million for whatever you're doing. Keep that money. Keep the ownership of the company. You don't want to sell 10% of the company. You keep that money right there. And then you pay off the interest on this, which would be 2 to 5%. Much lower if the rates are low with the income that you make from the company. This is really koi when you go to buying a house or something like that because then you can go, let's say you buy a $10 million house. The house also starts appreciating because you own it now. You didn't have to pay any taxes. You didn't take anything out of the company. You didn't have to sell any of your ownership of the company. And the house is appreciating more than the money that you're using to pay for the house. And so your ultimate goal when you're first starting your business is again grow the value of the asset. I am not saying you grow a $50 million business and you take out a $25 million loan. You got a you should really keep the amount you borrow off your business, which I borrow nothing off my businesses right now. I borrow against like my portfolios and whatnot. But I easily could if I wanted to borrow against my businesses. I just don't do that. But this is a much better way in the future when I grow my business to 400 million, $500 million valuation. If I want to buy a jet or I want to invest the money, these are the paths that I'm going to be using to buy things like that. If I'm making $20 million a year from the business, I'm not going to go and give myself $20 million. I'm going to buy a $20 million office building or asset that then appreciates in value more. I just gave you a whole bunch of different ways to start viewing money. But the thing you need to take from this video that I just broke out is that we're constantly building this giant blob of money and we never want to take money out of that blob. We can borrow against a blob. We can find ways where the blob drips money out through dividends and whatnot to cover interest rates of money that we borrow. while never actually selling anything in the blob because the blob is going to grow at about 5 to 8% a year on average. If you have a business, the thing we want to do is just grow the blob so big we can easily move irrelevant amounts of money out of it by borrowing and then move the money back. So, for example, if you have a $100 million business, you borrow $10 million against it for a house. You then hold the house for a couple years. The house turns into being worth $12 million. You sell the house for a profit. You put that money back into the loan from the company or the amount you borrowed based on the company. You can then pocket the profit rolled into other real estate or and the most basic way is you kept the money actively in your company without selling any ownership of your company while still being able to get the house at the same exact time. This is just such smarter ways to move money around and build income. Because if you're going out there and you're just spending all the money you make, that bubble, that thing you're going to be able to borrow against is going to be finite. It's never going to grow. It's never going to make you more money. It's never going to grow to a higher valuation. You're just going to get stuck. This is what most entrepreneurs do when they pay themselves. This is why so many athletes get in trouble is because the money that they have coming from their asset is finite and they run out of money from that asset. You never want to touch the asset. All in all, I know this wasn't the funniest video because I kind of got into all the nitty-gritty of how money works and how the ways you should look at money. And I think a lot of things I just said there was wrong and they're not as specific as they need to be, but I just wanted to teach you a little little tiny lesson about how rich people view money differently than normal people. So, you should use it. Okay. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: Why being happy will ruin your life. STOP and Do This
VIDEO ID: wj1V-0nogik
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj1V-0nogik
================================================================================

I hate self-help, which is why I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate getting all Tony Robbins with you guys, but I have to make this one video. It's going to fix your entire life. It did mine. Let's get into it. You believe you are unhappy because you're not as successful as you'd like to be. There might be other reasons, but the point of this channel is success, hence why you're watching this video. But the reason you are actually unhappy and suffering, and the reason why you're not as successful as you want to be is because you're trying to be happy. And no, I'm not about to go on some Andrew Tate, get on the sufferer bus or some gogggins, self-help, be unhappy and hate your life the entire time to be successful kind of mantra. That's stupid, not helpful. I promise you by the end of this video, all the unhappiness that you're feeling about your current level of success or where you are in life right now will just be gone and you'll be much more successful. So, you'll be good and making more progress towards whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want to do if you just listen to me for the next 10 minutes. Doing this has allowed me to make hundreds of millions of dollars while not being upset and suffering the entire time like everyone on YouTube loves to brag about. I'm generally pretty good all the time. You can be too. This will also fix everything else you're looking to do. Whether it's getting a six-pack, talk to girls, get your head under control, be successful, whatever you want to do. I'm not I'm going to stop telling you about it. Let me just explain it. See, the entire crux of this problem is society's definition of what happiness is. Because of this definition, not only are people constantly ruining themselves and making themselves extremely unhappy all the time by trying to always be happy, but they are also thinking that they have to suffer and live some terrible bad life and sacrifice everything for their goals. No, you don't have to do any of that. You just have to understand the definition for happiness is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Societyy's really messed it up and it's just made us all brain damaged retards about the way we go about pursuing life. See, what people describe happiness as and what society describes happiness as is actually euphoria. Think about it. When was the last time you were happy? When when was your peak happiness? If you're like most people, it's some crazy euphoric moment in your life or when you were high or really really drunk or playing video games. You were it was 1:00 a.m. A lot of people look back when they were kids playing video games at 1:00 a.m. with all their friends trolling around in World of Warcraft. It's some really really high point, aka euphoria. And see, you're describing happiness incorrectly because what most people try to do with their life is they focus on being happy. But the problem is they're not trying to be happy. They're trying to be chronically euphoric. And this is where the entire problem comes from. Because when you use euphoria as your definition for happiness, which essentially everybody does, you have set the goal to an impossibly high standard that can only be achieved through unimaginable highs inflicted by some crazy, very rare life experience or induced chemically or through manipulation. See, compared to these euphoric moments in your life, life is very boring. If you look at a well-lived life, let's say you live it perfectly and you're not doing heroin 24/7, you're mostly going to be fine most of the time. You're going to be bored a lot of the time. Life compared to those high moments in your life is boring. Life compared to playing a video game is boring. Life compared to drinking is very boring. Life compared to having sex is very boring. It's boring. It's just what it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is. And the problem, the entire issue with everyone in society right now is they think that the point of life is being happy. But instead, what they're actually confusing it with is again euphoria. So they think because they're not euphoric all the time, because they're not deliriously happy, they are then sad. And thus something must be done to fix it. You must get out of this state of unhappiness, which is actually lack of euphoria. And the entire problem unravels from there. And then it creates another layer of bad because what people are describing fine as is sadness or not being happy. So if you're just sitting around bored, you're unhappy. You're not having a good life. But then what people start to do is they start doing things that separate them from having a good life, which is success, health, productivity, mental well-being. They do a bunch of things that separate them from this so that they can become happy. which for the rest of this video I want you to understand when I say happy I mean euphoric which is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] level of delirious happiness that we think we have to be experiencing 24/7 and that we're chronically pursuing. You're at work, you're working. Oh, it's so boring. I'm It's not fun here. I'm sad. This isn't good. I hate my job. I can't wait to go home and play World of Warcraft or video games or eat ice cream or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys do alone in your studio apartments or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I know my viewers. You guys are watching from your mom's basement. I can see the dungeon now. Crusty socks in the corner, walls painted with henti posters. It's my life mission on this channel to get you guys the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of there. You got to stop living under the staircase like Harry Potter and talking to dudes pretending to be girls on Only Fans. I'm here to save you. Trust me. Don't worry. But you think when you're doing a normal day-to-day thing like working, you're having a bad time. You hate this part of your life because you have to go home to play or do whatever thing you're going to do that gives you euphoria. So, thus you're in pain unless you're in this euphoric state. Unless I'm playing Monster Hunter, unless I have a subtle buzz, I'm unhappy. And this is most people. I've even been there. Every weekend you're working, working, working. It's boring. You think, well, I just can't wait till the weekend when I can be happy again and go get drunk with the boys or go party. And then suddenly all the stuff you're doing during the week isn't fun. And how you define your life and why you go and destroy yourself every weekend is to be happy, aka euphoric. Do you see where the problem starts to come from? Because everything that makes your life better and makes your life good becomes painful in comparison to this bar that we've set, which is actually euphoria. If you're starting to grasp this, now this is where it gets a little bit deeper. This is where you can actually start to apply what we're looking at right here and see how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the way everyone lives is. So, if you're in America or whatever, everybody defines happiness again as new. And so, two really nasty things start to pop up. One, day-to-day basic life becomes painful. It becomes suffering. Being bored is now painful and suffering. So, you must get out of this state no matter what. And because in our society because we define our lives and how well we are living them based on happiness which is again misdefined. We feel that we are not living life correctly if we're in this normal state. This is not good. People go to therapy. People go in support groups. They do everything they can to get out of the state because this right here just living a day-to-day life is unbearable. If a person's sitting around bored in their studio apartment this is suddenly very bad. And because in our society, everything we feel is extremely important. Everything that happens right here or right here is extremely important. These these high feelings right here, incredibly important. These low feelings right here, incredibly important. None of them are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important. The default state of life, the default state of how you're going to be and exist for the rest of your life is going to be like this. You're going to have states where you're low. You're going to have states where you're high. And I'm going to give you a cliff note on what the true definition of happiness actually is. It's not suffering or being chronically stressed or having to deal with bad things throughout these states. It's being able to wake up and your body feels good. You're financially good. You're mentally good. Your family and everybody's good. You're good. You're okay. You're fine. You're in a normal state of mind without the world being on fire. That's what happiness is. And that's the happiest you can ever expect out of life. Because I don't care if you're a billionaire. I don't care if you're living in the Playboy mansion banging every chick in there. I don't care whatever whatever hentai World of Warcraft fantasy you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are looking for. I don't care. You're going to experience this. Whether you are crippled or a billionaire, your life is going to be these waves right here. But because people value their emotions so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] much. Every single one of these waves up here and right here is incredibly important. And they're constantly trying to get themselves up here and get away from right here when this is just the normal state of life. And because they try to get up here constantly and they can't they can't accept just being in this normal range right here, they end up going 10 times lower because what they then inflict on themselves is pain and suffering on top of this normal life experience that they find unbearable in the first place. And then you stack failure, you stack being fat, you stack being ugly, you stack being tired and unhealthy all the time, you stack all the other things that come from short-term bad behavior to make yourself happy. And then suddenly you actually live a very bad life. Let's take happiness out of the equation. You never get to even just be normal. You are constantly in a state of pain and suffering trying deeply out of to get out of this hole back up to here. And the only way you can do that is with unimaginable manipulation of your brain and the chemicals inside of it. And here's where everything starts to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Because in our society, again, we define happiness as the most important thing and our emotions as the most important thing. Your emotions are literally an organ in your head [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chemicals on your brain telling you whether something is good or bad. Like you you can know whether something's really good or bad based on all the conclusions you can draw from in your life experiences and logic. But sometimes good things don't seem good. Like going to the gym and working out, it doesn't seem that good all the time. Sometimes doing something like your taxes so you don't end up in jail doesn't feel good, but it is the good thing to do. So frankly, that organ in your head really has no concept of what good or bad is. It looks at little codes and things that are happening around you and uses this lizard brain to inject chemicals in your brain to tell you whether something is good or bad in its opinion, which is completely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and based on something 5,000 years ago. So, we're valing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass opinion on what's good or bad and then using that to justify how we are living our life. And so, what most people do is because they judge happiness as the most important thing and their emotions are the most important thing. All the all these people going to therapy, all these people walking around doing all these bad habits. Why are they doing all these things? because they want to live a little. They want to live life a little. When you tell someone to stop drinking, like, "Hey, dude, you want to be successful? Maybe go and stop getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasted every weekend." Yeah, but you got to live life as well. What they're really saying is, "I'm doing this thing so I can be happy." Like, cuz the point of living is to be happy. So, I got to balance like work with happiness. Ooh, if you replace the word happiness with euphoria, what did we just do? Hey, I have to be euphoric. I I'm trying to do all these things so I can be euphoric time. And this entire chase of euphoria is then what makes us go deeper in the hole and makes the default life which people find unbearable aka being bored or not being euphoric all the time that adds another layer of fun to it which is pain and suffering. And then when people repeat these actions to be happy they end up going down a slide of pain and suffering on top of everything else they're looking to avoid. Let me explain. So if you look around our society people we just got fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whales of people running around everywhere. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Teletubbies running around shoving stuff in their mouth just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out fire. Their buttholes, their stomach, their face, their everything's just on fire all the time. Just terrible life experience. And they do all these things they know are bad for them. But why would people keep doing something that's bad for them? Because happiness [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matters, which is not really happiness. It's euphoria. Let's look at a few things that people do that is really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. They go and eat cake. This is cake, by the way. They go and play video games. This is video games, by the way. They go and drink. They avoid work. They sit around social media all day. They do all these things and we all know these are bad. So why do people do them if they make your life actively worse? Like all these things come with massive consequences and we all know them. Now there's no like playing dumb anymore. You can sit around, you see people smoking cigarettes all the time. Why are they smoking cigarettes even though they know all the terrible things that come with it? You do all these things, your brain declines. You are distracted. You feel like crap. You do less well with opposite sex. You're not motivated. You feel terrible all the time. You get fat. You get deformed. Like your body literally changes in deformity. Yes, being fat is deformed. It's not something that naturally occurs. It's when you shove so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food in your face that your body actively becomes deformed. You didn't see cavemen. You didn't see [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thick ass cavemen running through the woods back in the day with their bonkadonss running around all thick as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It doesn't happen to a normal human body. It only comes through aggressive mistreatment of your body. Like if you punch yourself 15 times in the face and your face is all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up afterwards. Same exact thing. Regardless, I I think you guys know my opinion on fats. Why do people do these things then? It's because happiness is incredibly incredibly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important, which is actually euphoria. So, why do why do why do we go and eat a cake? Why do we go eat cake? Well, the cake, what it actually does is it makes your brain, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing in your head that can't tell its ass from its dick. It makes it go, "Wow, awesome." And it it showers it with tons of chemicals because all the stuff in it is unnaturally sweet. It's something you'd never be able to find in nature. Why do you love playing video games more than work? It's because the video game is literally rigged to touch every button in your little monkey brain to make it go haywire and dump chemicals in your brain. Why is getting drunk with people you don't know that you don't talk to when you're sober and you're never going to talk to in a couple years if you stop drinking and you don't even like to talk to normally. Why Why is it so much fun hanging out with them? Oh yeah, it's because your brain is dumping every single chemical it can possibly get all at once because alcohol's hitting your brain. It's the way with every single bad habit that destroys people and slows them down. And the problem is people think this is what happiness is. They they confuse happiness with chemicals being poured on their brain. I'm playing World of Warcraft right now and I've played it. It's a ton of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fun. I'm happy, which is really my brain and every sensor in my brain firing off and dumping chemicals on my mind telling me that I'm being productive with my life. Now, is that what happiness is? I don't want to dig down that path because at that point, we could just say doing heroin 24/7 is happiness. So, let's back up and make a more less confusing definition. Let's define happiness with having a good life that is not stressful and you achieve the things you want to do regardless of what they are. It doesn't have to be money, anything. You're just not stressed. You're good most of the time. Nothing bad is happening and you can manage your life very functionally and well. Let's define happiness as getting everything you want. Good health, money, losing your virginity. I know that's a lot of you guys in this channel. All those things right there. Let's define it as that. By the definition of that, doing these things right here separates you from happiness. But again, most people's definition of happiness is chemicals being poured on their brain or some height of euphoria that you can't achieve. And the reason why our lives go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because of this is because we define our lives by our happiness. And our happiness is actually euphoria. And this euphoria is at such an unimaginably high level of stimulation to our brains and manipulation that there's no way we can ever recreate it ever. You can't be chronically happy all the time. You can't be chronically euphoric all the time. You can't have your first kiss or see Star Wars for the first time every single damn day. You just can't. and it's okay. And most of the pain and suffering we have comes from the fact that we think it's not okay. And we think that we have to constantly fix it. And the only way you can really get these levels of euphoria consistently is through short-term things that really mess up your life. If you go practice jiu-jitsu, the most euphoric moment you're going to have is when you win a competition or you do something really special, you get like your necks built up. Most of the time it's going to be really boring if you're getting good at and you're achieving what you want to do. Same thing with guitar. Same thing with everything else. And it's the fact that you think that everything has to be that euphoric moment that you stop getting all those things that you actually want to do. And the reason why again people then up end up ruining everything in their life and separating themselves from the things they actually want to do is because they think happiness aka being euphoric all the time is the most important thing. And they can't just sit in their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bedroom and do nothing. They can't go on a walk. They can't be without their phone. They have to eat cake. And when you tell them not to do it, they say, "Well, I want to live a little and it's more important to me that I want to live life." No, you just can't stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] masturbating. in every sense of the word. Even if your hands off your dick, you can't stop putting cake in your mouth, masturbating. You can't stop drinking, masturbating. You can't stop manipulating your body for your own pleasure, regardless of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] consequences. And this is why if you're chronically unhappy all the time or suffering just like everybody else's, this is why. Because you think it is a massive problem to not be happy all the time. Here's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] truth. Most of your life, like I said, you're just going to be fine. You're going to be okay. You're going to have ups and downs. If you look at a person who's crippled, for example, their baseline of happiness or how good they feel all the time goes exactly back to the same point it was when they had legs. It takes a few months, but most of the time they go back to the same exact levels. So, you can become a billionaire. You can do anything you want. You're not going to escape that pattern of happiness. It doesn't matter. There's nowhere for you to go. You have no point of happy. There's no point in your life where you're going to do everything you want to do and then suddenly you could just sit in a room and be okay with yourself and everything's gonna be great. It's not going to happen the end. you're just you're stuck. There's nowhere for you to go. The only place for you to go is to not go somewhere bad, which is pain suffering through a mismanaged life. And the reason why people mismanage their life is because they're trying to always be up here and they think it's a problem when they're just right here in this normal place, which is inevitably where you're always going to be at. So, let's wrap this up. I told you at the beginning of this video that I would tell you how to not be unhappy all the time. Here's how. Just be okay being fine. You're fine. You're not near your phone. You're not out having fun. You're not doing fun stuff. It's fine. Stop fighting it. Just It's okay. It's all right. You're good now. Congratulations. You don't have to fix [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anything. Next. I told you this would make you more successful. Guess what you can do if you just accept being fine and you don't have to be euphoric all the time. If you don't have to be having the best weekend of your life every weekend, if life doesn't have to be as good. You stop saying, "hm, the peak of my life was playing World of Warcraft or some huge dopamine addicting thing. Going to Vegas or whatever." For example, I used to think, "Oh man, I'm going to work a few months and then I'm going to really go be happy in Vegas and party or I'm going to work for eight hours and then I'm going to do what actually makes me happy and play some World of Warcraft." I'm sure we've all been there in some shape or form. And we think we're going to suffer and then do what really makes us happy when really the bar of happiness is just this euphoria and what we're doing already is fine. And if we stop fighting it, we could just do more of it. And if you do more of those things without a chronically punishing yourself and making yourself suffer for just being fine, which is what everybody does, and then b resorting to short-term things that separate you and drag you away from that and make your life worse. They take you out of that normal state you're at and then drag you down to hell with it. Tell you what, I'm going to tell you one way you're going to be actually unhappy by the euphoric definition of the word. If you're a fat, unsuccessful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who has the mental stability and skill set of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby koala, that's that's going to make you unhappy. I don't care what definition the word is. You might as well just go punch yourself in the dick. That's what it's going to feel like your entire life. And the only way to get there is if you're constantly trying to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happy. Guess what? If you're not trying to be happy all the time and euphoric, you won't do all this short-term [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz it doesn't matter cuz you know, like it's just you poking a button and masturbating. It's the same exact thing as grabbing your dick and going and watching the closest thing that resembles a woman. I know you Gen Z guys are getting pretty creative what you jack off to on the internet these days, but it's all the same exact thing. It's just manipulating your brain to make yourself happy. If you stop punishing yourself for those things, guess what? You're going to be good all the time. So, you don't even have to become even more successful if you don't want, it's not going to change anything. But say you want to decide to make your life more about goals and achieving the things you say you're going to do and like getting the things that you want. It's going to make it 10 times easier to go get those things you want because you can just sit there and be like, "Hey, I'm kind of bored." And that's fine. Like, it's okay. Like, you're okay as long as someone's not trying to stab you or put you in jail or your house isn't on like everything's fine. Like, it's fine. There's no scorecard being kept. like you don't do certain things or whatever. Someone's going to punch you in the dick when you die. You're just going to forget literally everything when you die and it's all fine. Like just just chill. It's not that important. Then you can just sit there and do the thing. And then when like you're like, "Oh, but I'm not happy." You can do something that nobody else does where just say, "That's fine." Instead of like every other fat stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in our society who gets on Instagram like, "Oh, I got to look at butts and boobs and then shove a cake in my mouth and then go wake up the next day and wonder why you work a dead-end job. You don't make much money. You look like a foot so you never get laid. And you got this this sack of fat that's gradually growing over your belt like every other dude past the age of 35. So that's the video. Stop trying to be happy. Just be okay being fine. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine.

================================================================================
TITLE: It SUCKS... But It Makes $1M/Year EASY (Step-by-Step)
VIDEO ID: gwWnpxSjbqA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwWnpxSjbqA
================================================================================

No, you sour, skeptical little To tell this video is not clickbait. I know what you're thinking. You're sitting there thinking, "There's no possible way this extremely handsome jacked man could show me how to go from zero to seven figures a year in a single YouTube video." But that's exactly what I'm about to do. Prepare to have your mental butthole blown wide open by this video because I see you there. All fat 5'2 short incelike nasty neck beard raging on thinking there's no possible way this could happen. But that's what we're going to do in this video. We're going to be devoting all that time, energy, and money you've been devoting to your World of Warcraft account and your crippling virginity. And we're going to reroute that into the specific business models and tactics I'm going to show you in this video. You won't even have to leave your house, and you certainly won't have to talk to a girl. Just take a deep breath. You won't even have to interact with other humans. And you'll still have plenty of time for your AI henti waifu. This this business model, this video, this is for you. I'm telling you, I'm selling it pretty hard here. You better listen because like I've said already, I'm going to be showing you how to go from zero complete loser to a million dollars per year. And if you're still a little bit skeptical, I have good news for you. Unlike every other business advice YouTuber who makes all their money giving business advice, I've actually done this. I've built multiple seven eight figure and I currently have a ninef figureure company valued about 150 to $200 million. In short, I know what the I'm doing and I'm going to convey that to you. And the benefit to you of me already being so rich is I don't have to sell you a course either. I know you come to these videos and people are like, "Let me show you how to start a business and make a lot of money." I'm going to show you my super secret technique. All you have to do is give me $4.97 for my life transformation consulting accelerator degree xxx diaper boy program. No, no, I'm not even going to do that. I'm just going to tell you I don't need your money. Put your wallet away and frankly go look in the mirror. Look, look at that form. I don't want to deal with that. I don't want responsibility for that. The second you give me money, I have to I have to deal with you. I don't want that. So, I'm just going to give you this information and you can go and apply it. Sound good? Okay, let's get started. So, look, I'm sure you're looking for specifics here and I'm going to give you specifics. I'm not going to be vague here. I'm going to be very direct and straightforward with exactly what you need to do. This is not some mental rehab your life video where people give you a bunch of general business practices. I'm going to be specific as I'm going to tell you exactly what buttons to press. And so, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show you the exact business model or models you should pick and I'm going to show you exactly how to take these to seven figures. Now, this is going to be a little bit of Keem Wasabi Karate Kid wash on wash off because I'm going to mind you a little bit to trick you into being successful because what you're actually missing right here. And please pay attention to this part. This is the mental warm-up part. We will get to the business tactics and the exact things you need to do. I will show you how to apply the lube and I will show you how to rub out this business nice and easy. Though, I'm pretty sure a lot of you guys are already pretty good at that as your hentai AI waifuss firmly firmly know. But look, I'm not going to brag here because I'm extremely humble. You all guys know this. I'm the number one humblest business advice guy on YouTube, six years running. We're not going to risk that reward. Graham Stevens been trying to get it from me for years, but he just can't do it cuz he's not as humble as me. Graham, I know you're watching these videos. I know you're very jealous. It's not going to happen. But why is it easy for me to make a sevenfigure business? Well, it's really easy for me to make a sevenfigure business because, let me look at my notes right here because I'm too stupid to remember these things. But I can sell. I can write copy. I can recognize markets. and I can recognize products that will fit into them that people will buy. I can build those products and I can hire people to support it and then I can market the ever living out of them because of those skill sets right there. It's really easy for me to make money at least seven figures a year. It's not a problem. So truly what you actually want if you want to make seven figures a year or any amount of money is you want to acquire skills like that or those specific skills exactly in general. That's what you need to make seven figures a year. A lot of people think, oh, you got to discover some brilliant idea or some genius secret. No, you just have to be good at those things. If you were good at those things, you can make money. And the reason I am good at those things is because I've been doing this for 15 years. I've been doing this for a very long time. So, I'm very good at those things. It's like if you were to ask someone, you know, how how do you play guitar? How do you get gigs as a musician? You sit down and you play a ton of guitar. Then you're pretty good at guitar. And then when someone's like, "Hey, learn how to play this song." You're like, "Okay." And you can just do the like you know how to do it. That is what you truly actually need here. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a blueprint, a business model system that actually gets you those skills. Because what you need to do to actually obtain those skills is you need to do it. For example, if I was trying to teach you how to do jiu-jitsu, I can give you 15 books on jiu-jitsu and every YouTube video on planet Earth. You can watch every podcast about Gordon Ryan. You can learn exactly how a armbar works, the positioning of the spine, every single guard technique to be super secret. The second you get on the match, you're going to get beat up by a penguin. just a small baby wee lad of a penguin because you don't know what you're actually doing. What you have to actually do is go do it. And so what I'm going to do in this video is a strategy I'm going to give you is going to get you all these skills by the time you're done with it and you will make money at the same time. So it's just a total total win-win. You're going to make money. You're going to get an extremely straightforward process and I'm going to mind you at the same time and not call you back and then you and your AI waifu can ride off into the sunset. So what do we want to do here? How do we get started? Okay, look. So, the first thing you're going to want to do is you're going to want to like and subscribe this video. Why? Not for me, but for you. I do plan to release some course or some training or something in the future. I'm not sure yet it on this channel, and that's going to go to every single one of my subscribers. If you're not subscribed, you. I'm not giving it to you for free. If you can't click a button, I'm not shooting videos for you. Number two, I'm releasing redhot content on this channel a little bit more regularly because at highway, we're releasing something very soon that is very mass market. So, I need a much broader audience to manipulate on YouTube. So, we're getting a little more little bit more wide here. So, subscribe. You'll get all that training in the future. It's very easy for me to scrape all my subscribers on here and deliver that just using a quick little AI. Everybody subscribed to me. So, look, here's the businesses and things you need to do. So, there's multiple levels to this. And in my opinion, I think if you really focus down, you could get to seven figures a year within a year to two years of doing this. Now, that's not me promising any result right here. And I'm not selling you anything. and I don't really actually care if you get a result or not. I'm not responsible for you. But in my opinion, I think it's very possible that because I did that and I was really really stupid when I got in the business. I didn't have half the freaking assets that you do. There was there was no information online about how to build a business. There was no one telling you how to build a business. Heck, you log on to YouTube right now, you have 15 people making millions of dollars a year explaining to make a business. Some of the best entrepreneurs on earth giving podcasts on how to start a business. You're really lucky. So, I think you should be able to do it faster because I'm a dumbass. So we have to look at the steps to doing this and the different levels of this. So first things first, what business model should we pick to do this? A lot of people look for specifics. You go on YouTube and people are like you should build an agency or you should make an e-commerce business or you should make an AI agent business and then what they do is they convince you about that business model why it's so good and then they sell you a course on it. The reason why people want you to pick some specific business model is because they they make money teaching you how to use that business model. In my opinion, I think any type of business model works, but I'm going to give you suggestions on what to look for. If you're a beginner, you want to find the business model that everybody else is doing. So, for example, if you look online right now, off the top of my head, I do SAS, I build software. I don't suggest that for a beginner at all. Though, I do suggest if you can go learn code, if you're in your 20s and you can learn code and then how to build apps with AI, you're going to have a considerable advantage here because then you can just build products for free. So, that is my suggestion right here. But I don't think most people are going to be able to do that cuz you guys are lazy and you suck. I don't even know how to code. I didn't even do that. So, I'm not going to give you that advice. But I do think that's hell of a good advice if you're much more higher IQ uh than the rest of us. But the business model you should go after is what everybody else is doing because you just know it works. And what we're trying to do is if you're trying to build a 10 million, 20 million, $50 million per year business, uh, like I'm doing, you really need to find something unique and you have to really understand the product and market fit and how to find a very unique place in the market. If you're trying to make a million dollars per year, you can do what everybody else is doing. You just have to do it a little bit more competently and you can find your piece of the pie. So, what I would suggest off the top of my head is there's a bunch of different business models that do work. And yes, those people talking about them on YouTube usually, even though they're trying to sell you a course, they do have a point. So, off the top of my head, I would do drop shipping or an e-commerce store. I would sell services to businesses as an agency or I would sell information products or I would actually sell services or time to agencies themselves. That's where you're going to get started at. When I f first started my business, what I did, and everybody was doing back then, was SEO. I don't really suggest SEO right now because it's confusing as I'm pretty sure there's some new type of SEO coming with AI uh and how chat GPT works optimizing those but I don't understand this right now and I wouldn't suggest you do that but the way I got started was I did SEO for local businesses and then what I started doing is then masselling those services and then I started actually selling outsourcing of SEO services to agencies and this actually covers three different levels I'm about to go through and this actually took me to seven figures a year that process right now. So step one, what you want to do is you want to pick a business model that everybody else is doing because you just know it works. Okay? We don't have to be the best in the world at it to make seven figures. You don't have to be that good at all. It's pretty low level. I know that seems crazy to say to some people right here, but making about $80,000 a month, you it might seem insurmountable to some people, but I I make millions and millions of dollars a month right now. And back in the day, I thought making even $5,000 a month would been remarkable. So your skew and your view on money, it it just it scales. Okay. So, what I would do is I'm going to use a business model right now as an example that I think is similar to how SEO was back then. I think building AI agents for businesses is a very open new business model for beginner entrepreneurs. I think it's very similar to SEO back then. So, I'm going to compare my SEO journey and kind of the context of AI agents right now. So, bear with me. So, I would pick a business model that everybody else is doing. I would say AI agents. There's a lot of ways you can go with this. It's a brand new market and so there's going to be a lot of opportunities. But I also think if you like drop shipping or e-commerce, I think if you like good old traditional running ads for businesses, I think that's just fine, too. But what step one is truly is it doesn't matter the business model. What you're actually doing is you're selling your time. Okay? And so what you have to learn how to do is obtain some skill set that makes other people money or improves their business. Website design in my case right there, SEO services. And then you just need to find a way to sell this to people. Now, how do you sell this to people? There's a few various ways you can use outsourcing sites like for example Fiverr, Upwork, whatever. And what you're doing at this point in time is you're not really running a business. You're basically being a contractor. You're going to do manual labor for businesses. And that's your business. You're essentially a plumber. Okay? This is step one. And so, for example, what I did is I went on sites like Upwork. I went on sites like Fiverr. And I went on and called local businesses. I did the whole spiel. And so what I learned how to do was SEO. So you're probably asking, "How do you learn how to build AI agents? How do you learn how to do SEO?" You go do it. There is I I I don't understand when people I'm going to get a little bit feisty and spicy right here, but I'm going to be firm with you because I hate this virgin cuckled beta question like, "How do I learn how to do something?" You When I first got started learning how to do SEO, I had to like go and compile. It was like Indiana Jones digging through tombs looking for like sacred scrolls. I had to go through all these dirty ass forums like Warform and Blackout World, the absolute cesspool of the earth and like piece together the two people on the forums that weren't lying. They were actually giving like actual trainable information on how to do SEO and to combine blogs like you remember when people had to actually read and put effort into like their content and actually digesting content. I had to do that So I had to go find blogs and find out who wasn't bullshitting and piece together like 50 different texts on how to do SEO. And then I went and actually just did it and I tried and I tried and I tried for a couple months and eventually I got something to actually rank in Google. That was hard to do. You literally get on Google right now or YouTube or ask chat GPT. It will tell you how to build AI agents, how to do SEO. You'll get probably not the most cutting of cutting cutting edge, but the good enough edge to make money with right now. So just go load uping YouTube, look at what's happening, look at what people are saying and the training that's being given there and just learn to do it. There's like I can type in AI agents for small businesses and there's literally like 5,000 video videos right now from everybody and their dog. Like you have it so easy. Just go watch these videos and then do it. And if and here's the thing. Here's the thing. If it comes out bad and you're like not good at it at first and you're kind of afraid like what you're going to sell sucks, good. Good. If you were learning jiu-jitsu and you went on the mats and you get your first sparring session, do you think you're going to be able to choke somebody? Do you think you're going to be able to do anything remotely that resembles a trained fighter? If you pick up a guitar for the first time and you're two months into it, do you think you're going to be able to play in a band? Do you think you're gonna like go on stage in front of your friends in rooms like no, you're going to look like a and that's fine cuz that's the goal. The reason why a lot of people don't make money is they don't want to look like a But guess what? Being broke your entire life looks a whole loting worse than being a for a few months, doesn't it? So, if you're like afraid that your first shot at this probably isn't going to work and it's going to be messy and like a little bit cringe, good. Go watch my first videos. Go load up whoever you look up to on YouTube. Alex Ramozi, Graham Stefen, whoever you think is cool in business, go look up their first stuff. It's all embarrassing and terrible. If you don't want to be if you if you want to keep in your cool zone and be like the cool broke guy, but he's like cool, fine, do it. Or you can just be the guy who's cringe for a few months or a few years or few decades in my case and then finally just make a ton of money and then you can be as cringe as you want on a yacht in Monaco and no one's going to say about it because you beat everyone. That's that's what you want to be. Okay, so this is how you're going to get there. And when you first try to do this stuff, it's not going to work. It's not going to look cool. And if you start some AI agent business, I guarantee you probably first two, three, four months, it it's not really going to work. You're not going to sell It's going to be a mess. But then after four months, just like a person who gets on the mats in jiu-jitsu, you're going to get your ass kicked for four months. But after four months, you're going to get on the mats with someone who just hopped into it. And you're going to be able to smack them around and roam around all over the place. And you'll be able to beat up an untrained fighter, aka do the just the basic the basics of basics in business. You're going to have to suffer a little bit to get there. And if you don't want to suffer, that's fine. Go suffer for the rest of your life. Get the off my channel. I'm not here to coddle you or make you seem like there's some law of attraction or some nice world that's out there looking for you. And there's a way to do this with while being comfortable entire time. your comfort. I don't care if you're uncomfortable. If you don't if you can't accept losing just a little bit, you're a dork and I don't like you and you're not cut out to do this. So, go away. All right. So, where you want to start at right here is essentially selling your time. Now, the caveat to this is there are some businesses like dropshipping that uh you can do and you can start with this that don't require you selling the businesses or this type of model right here. I didn't get started doing that, so I can't give you the best advice on it. I don't think drop shipping and e-commerce is the best way to start. It is a good way to start. I don't think it's the best way to start because it usually requires you connecting a lot of dots like shipping stuff in from businesses, upfront cost, running ads. There's nothing inherently wrong with this. You can get started very very cheaply in e-commerce. It's just kind of a different skill set. And I think I think selling your time as like a plumber, not doing actually plumbing, but like selling your actual time, doing services for businesses is way more approachable because you're going to learn the basics of business, which is basic services. Providing a service, providing something to a business of some kind or an individual or whatever. And you're going to learn how to sell it. and you're going to learn basic things like how to make a basic website, present yourself, etc. I think this builds the ground core, but if you want to go for e-commerce or drop shipping or something a little bit more like that, I'm not telling you not to. You're just going to learn the ground basics by doing something very, very simple. So, this is all you're going to do. I would suggest going to an outsourcing site, Fiverr or whatever, and get cold calling businesses and then posting your ads everywhere and applying to like work and do contracting work everywhere you can online. Where do you go do all these things? Where are the links to those sites? Go figure it out. I've already given you most of the puzzle. I'm giving you the actual blueprint right here. Now, step two, what we're going to want to do at this time is let's imagine you get your business off the ground. So, when I got my business off the ground a little bit, I was doing AI for I mean SEO for local businesses. So, when I was doing this or step two, what happened is eventually after a few months, I was really maxed out with the amount of businesses I could provide services to because after like five, six SEO clients, um you're really not doing so. It's It's just hard. And you're probably making about maybe 5,000 6,000 a month or something at this point. You're not making a lot of money, but you're actually making close to a full-time income doing this. Now, a bonus tip right here is a lot of you guys probably have jobs. That's fine. Uh I built almost I got to back then about $200,000 a year before I quit my job. And $200,000 a year back in like 2017, however long I've been doing this, longer than that. Like 2013. Jesus, I'm old. Um, that was a lot of money back then. So, that's probably close to like $300 $400,000 a year right now. Anyways, you can do this while having a job. You just get home from work and you work on your business and on the weekend you work on your business. And when you're at work, if you have access to a computer, you don't do your job and you just work on your business as well. So, if you can afford to pull that off, I worked at a marketing agency and so I was able to get all my marketing stuff done. And to that marketing agency, if someone's watching this, I actually did my job. I promise I was just so damn good at it. It didn't take me the entire workday to do it. Okay. So, look, once you have the ability to do this, you can actually do two things. One thing I'd actually suggest if you're working a normal job you don't like right now, you can use the new skill set you've learned, let's say building AI agents for businesses to get a job somewhere else. And so, you can build AI agents at your workday job and then you can actually go home and build them for other businesses and do that. Well, I've seen so many people do that exact pattern. That's what I did. I got a job. I need to share up my income a little bit more. So, I got a full-time job at a marketing agency. And then I also did SEO for businesses and stuff on the side. And so this gave me a little bit of a safety net. You don't want to do any of this without a safety net either. People always think that you're going to have to like do some Steve Jobs in your garage thing. Look, you're not trying to become a billionaire, go all in. You're trying to like replace your your income right now. Okay? So, slow down, Kenosabi. Like, you don't need to go and bet the farm on some crazy business idea right now. We're not building Airbnb. But what we're gonna do is as soon as our time starts to get maxed out, okay, if you're working a job, first thing you want to do is max out your time and then quit your job. So you can go full-time into on your business and then scale that up to replace your job income. So let's imagine your job's paying you 5K a month and you get to 5K a month in your business. What you're going to do is quit your job then and get to 10K a month and then use that spare time right there. And what you're usually going to see when you quit your job is by going and focusing all your time on your business, you're usually going to see your business really start to pop off right then because you're just putting in more hours. And more hours in this instance equals more money. But what's going to happen eventually is you're going to get capped off at like 10K or whatever amount of month uh that your clients start to max out something. Let's say you're making AI agents and you just you're getting maxed out. What you're then going to do is you're going to separate yourself from the actual manual labor. And this is when you actually start to become a business owner. And so what you're going to do is you're going to hire other people to build your AI agents. So what I was doing with my SEO business is I was essentially doing all the work and I thought, okay, um I can't sell any more of this. So I got friends that I used to know or people that I could find on the internet and I taught them how to do SEO and then I had them provide the SEO services and all I focused on was selling. And so what you're doing in any business really is you shouldn't be the product or the person doing the labor. That's step one. You're a plumber at that point. You're like a contractor. You want to remove yourself from the contractor and you want to sell contractors. This is all the next level it is going to be. And then you're going to focus on selling. And so what are you going to learn at this point right now? You've learned how to make a product, sell a service, hire people, very basic, just one or two staff. And then what you're doing is you're learning how to fully sell a business. Now, at this point, you're going to keep grinding it up until you're at 20 30k a month and things are starting to cap out because like it's just getting difficult to manage too many people or they're running the business or whatever. It's just it's just going to become greasy, right? Then, now there's two ways you can you can take this. You can go and actually just scale this. you can target bigger clients and you can just improve the business service and you can hire better people and you can take a AI agent business and just target better businesses and just at this point you're really going to need to just improve the business so that you're selling something that's super high quality and really automate the entire process with systems. So step three is going to mostly be systems and optimizing the hell out of all these points. The selling, the hiring, the product, the delivering of the service or whatever you're selling. Okay, that's what step three is going to be. It's just taking this and doubling down on it. Now, at this point, it's all going to be about leads and amount of traffic coming in. So, I said three steps, but I make up these videos as I go. I don't write a script because professionality, not on this channel. Step four is going to be the part where we get to a million dollars a year. So, at this point, you've really like you've made a pretty good business. You have stuff selling. You have people running it for you. You've professionalized it. You've systemized it. You have patterns that you clearly follow to build the product, deliver the service, get people in, and sell it. You're doing the same thing over and over again. It works. Now, all there is to do is marketing. Okay? So, we haven't even done much marketing. Right now, our marketing has been us picking up the phone and applying on websites for services and running a Fiverr account. Okay? So, at this point, what we're going to do is we're going to start running ads. This is the big scary part. But if you can run paid advertising online and then convert paid traffic, you have the keys to the castle. You will never fail to make a lot of money ever. It is the epidome of making $1 million to $5 million per year. Okay? After you get past $5 million a year, ads actually become a diminishing return because it's one of the worst ways to actually grow a business. At that point, you have to make something special. we have to build a special product or ads are going to be this thing that uh cap out and then actually destroy the business because you're marketing a turd. But we're not at that point right now. You your business right now, I'm going to tell you it's kind of a turd. If you're if you're just at this point right now and you're under $5 million a year and you're getting stuck there, your business sucks. You're a low-level business owner. That's fine. You're still making more money than like everybody else just in the totem pool. If we're playing in a game of if business is like the NFL, you're in like the the dumpster league of college football right now, that's fine. That's still a pretty good football player, just not compared to Tom Brady. All right, but seriously, what we want to focus on this point is buying advertising, whether this is from Facebook and Google ads or, you know, paying influencers to market our our stuff or just general just paying for traffic to come in. And then what you're going to learn when you start running ads is that you suck at running ads and it loses a lot of money and you're really upset about it. But then what you're going to finally learn because you hate losing money is how to copyright and sell via the interwebs. You're going to learn how to make good ad copy, good creative, how to make good landing pages that convert people and how to build funnels and call systems to get people into your business or whatever marketing channel you want to do. Webinars, longridden sales pages, I don't care. Okay? You can go look at my business like highro.com. You can see all the sales pages and everything I've written in there. But I've written hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of sales pages and webinar presentations and sales videos. And how do you think I learned how to do that? By doing this. And it never didn't really work at first. But once it did, I followed this process over and over again. I made multiple seven and eight figure businesses doing it. You can get well past seven figures a year just with this skill set right here. You can get to five, eight figures. It's going to be a hard eight figures, but you can do it. And so what you then do is you start sending people into this funnel that then sells them a product, gets them to the people that you're managing and sells the service. Now, at this point, you really are doing you're really at the point of becoming a fantastic entrepreneur. If you just want to hang out with your kids and masturbate all day and hang out with your AI waifu, that's fine. You can do that, too. But at this point right here, you have everything you need to make seven figures a year. Like the getting to step three right here will get you to 20 30k a month. Okay? Being able to generate unlimited traffic to your business on command once you can convert it will get you to 70 80,000 a month. You're just taking this initial model right here and doing more of this. Now, if you want to really make a lot of money, this is where you learn how to actually make the product. You want to invent something. I've seen a lot of people take agencies to multiple 8 figure something. I don't like the agency business model past a certain point because I think it's just hard to scale and it's just obnoxious. I I want something that I can send people to endlessly and scale it and the delivery of it doesn't change too much, which is why I do software. The same thing can also be done with drop shipping. But let's back up, Kenosabi. Where are you right now? You know how to build a business, how to hire people, how to sell, you know, how to generate business with that, and how to do the sales process through this this evolving step three right here. And now you understand how to generate unlimited traffic. You can do basically whatever the you want at this point. You don't have to do this model. you have everything you need to build a very very lethal business. So at this point, what I would suggest is I would suggest actually getting back into e-commerce or building your own software or uh custom services or taking this agency model right here to the super duper next level. So for example, what I did in SEO is once I got to this level where I was selling the services and outsourcing, I made a really really lethal outsourcing business where it was completely automated. So like a person would come to a website, they'd sign up for it. We do these big launches and I had a staff automatically doing it to make it more streamlined. So one thing you can do to get to the next level is just streamline the hell of it. You you stop making like the one-on-one agency system or something that's slow and manual and you automate it. So people just come to the website, they'd fill out some forms and the thing got automated and done for them. That's one place you can take it. The other place you can take it is actually start making the products and services that the agencies or other businesses are using. This could be soft uh software or SAS. It can also be making training. Okay, you can show people and train people on what you did. For example, uh I believe I gazi, he made agencies or something. People have mixed opinions on the guy, but let's just look at the models below it. He made agencies that made him money and then he made millions and millions of dollars selling courses on how to make agencies. So, you can sell training, you can sell coaching, you can sell anything on top of that doing that. I I think the info model is really really great for getting like to$1 to $10 million a year. I don't like it to get to where I'm at right now, but I think it's great for generating cash flow. And then when we have a video on how to get to 10 million plus a year, I'll talk a little bit more about that. Uh you can actually go and jump back into e-commerce and actually massproduce the products and every you you really have everything you need now to build a business. You have cash flow, you have the marketing skills, you have the sales skills. And that was really my goal in this video. If you do everything in this video, everything I talked about, I know I didn't give you exact super duper specifics like say this on the phone, do this thing right here. I'm going to get my video prop. You can also make YouTube videos very badly like I do. That that can work as well. What way is this doing? But like I said before, everything I showed you in this video is what you need to get to seven figures here. I didn't give you exact specifics like what to say on the phone, what to do this, the exact way to sell the service, exact thing to build, cuz you can figure that the out. You need the path to follow. If you need someone to come in here and show you exactly what to write in your emails and you can't go in the chat GBT and ask what to say to people or like how to open a Fiverr account, then you don't really want this enough. So, I'm not really going to worry about you. Those of you that want follow that pattern that I just laid out right there and that will take you to seven figures a year. But what it's also going to do is give you that foundation as a business owner and entrepreneur to do pretty much anything you want to do. And then the world's your oyster because you know how to make a service, you know how to make a product, you know to hire people roughly, you know to build systems for them to follow to sell it, and then you know how to market it and get people there and then you're going to learn how to convert them. If you can do those things, you're really cooking with fire and it's really just pushing yourself harder to get to those higher levels. So that's the video. If you guys like this video, subscribe. I'm going to be releasing some private training or cool thing for free, but it's only going to my subscribers. So subscribe. And I'm also releasing a lot of content on Instagram now because, you know, I need to be cool on there, I guess. And I want to show you guys the food I'm eating at dinner. I know you really care about that. So, subscribe, follow me on Instagram, and I'll I'll see you next video. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain Weird FB AD Niches That Made Me $32k A Day
VIDEO ID: UCi5JRO7dDI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCi5JRO7dDI
================================================================================

So making this adjustment in your ads and your landing pages and also your product, it will double or triple your conversions, it can in fact redefine your entire business. And if your business is struggling to scale with ads right now or you're having trouble growing on ads, this will make the ads extremely easy. You will see your ads that are not converting before, not getting customers suddenly getting five times the conversion rates, but six times 10 times the conversion rates in some instances. That's only instances where your ads absolutely suck ass. But still, let's take the win. This will do that because every single day at Hyris, I talk to a lot of our customers who are running ads and a lot of them have trouble scaling past certain importance because all of their competitors are selling the same exact thing and so they're running ads with like 50 other businesses selling the same exact thing. They can only do so much with their ad scripts. They can only do so much with their copy and it's just not scaling anymore because the ads get too expensive. You've probably had this problem with your ads. What I'm going to give you right now is a way to isolate and pivot your business to make your ads convert much much higher at much lower ad spends. If I have to start any business from scratch, this is how I'm going to start running ads because it's just so damn effective and you can actually go and run very tiny ad spends and get massive ROIs doing it. Let me explain how this works. So, look, I'm the CEO and founder of one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now, Hyros. I see it's working across billions of dollars ad spend. And I've spent the last 10 years of my life running ads, tens of millions of dollars spent that generate multiple 8 figureure businesses and one nine figure business. So what I'm telling you here isn't coming straight out of my nether region being thrown out of the wall. This is coming from a very well-educated Nether region. So you should try to catch it when I chuck it. Okay? Don't visualize that. But you get the point. And whenever I see businesses running ads or I'm going to start a new business, this technique and how they structure it, they always just perform 10 times better. This is why when you're running advertising, you want to run advertising in a vacuum. This means you want to have the most unique ad possible. Now, most people think that applies just to your creative or your ad copy, but I'm going to be straight with you. There's only so much you can do with your targeting and your ad copy and your creative. Eventually, you know the best techniques and you're getting the you're getting close enough. All right? Improving your ads another 20% is not going to grow your business. What will grow your business is if you're running ads to an audience that is underserved, doesn't see these ads very often. You're selling them a product that they've that's completely unique and specific to them that nobody else is. And you have the absolute best best best best possible offer that is optimized just for them. What does that mean? Let me give you a perfect example of this in in theory. So, back in the day, I'm going to use Alex Emozi as example right here cuz I love what he originally did with this and it's a perfect example for this. It's it's brilliant. So, you may not know that um before Alex did all the acquisition.com stuff, he had this business called Gym Launch. So, back in the day when he was launching Gym Launch, they basically sell consulting and services and advice and info products and whatever for gym businesses, masterminds, basically very typical uh business growth consulting offer. So at that time back in the day, everybody else was running very very similar offers, but they were all running offers for teaching people how to learn consulting, doing consulting or agency services for businesses or e-commerce, make money online. And so everybody in the entire space was all focused around either making big broad make money products, mindset products or or products for e-commerce or agencies or consulting. And so it was very hard to actually run ads for this. I had a business that was generating like 20 $30 million per year give or take depending on the year it did that based on whatever years but it was only at like a 30% profit margin and I was the best of the best of the best of the best at it and I was even struggling to grow the ads and scaled them. So Alex what he did is he created very similar offers but then he took it to a completely different industry that would never seen ads for this ever. So he was running ads for gym businesses. Gym businesses were not getting any advertising for offers like this. Zero. No one was spending any money targeting them on Facebook or anything like that. Alex also built the entire business around this offer. So he was the only one offering this offer and he was really really really effing good at it. So everyone in the gym business knew that he was the one to get results. So he had this entire market which can generate 4050 $100 million a year all to himself. Now the gym consulting business is not like a multi-billion dollar market cap market. It's not that large. But because nobody was marketing to it, nobody was making products for it, Alex was able to take a product that a lot of other people were selling, just the basic uh high ticket course, high ticket program, consulting, and in mastermind model, and he applied it to gyms. And I think the business did like, I don't know, $40, $50 million a year, like 17 $18 million in profit, uh, one of their first years doing this. Boom, breakthrough. So, what's the lesson we can take away from this? When we're running ads in our business, we don't have to necessarily change our business model. But we do do do have to go and actually find businesses and a method and a way of approaching businesses that matches that model, which is finding potential customers that are completely underserved, not targeted on on ads at all. Making a product that no one else is offering is completely unique and then making it the absolute best amazing thing in the space. Then you can carve out your own little niche to start your business and grow. So let me give you a story about a business I launched that failed and how I could have done it better applying this technique. So before I launched Hyros, I launched an email uh business. It was an email kind of similar to Mailchimp or whatever autoresponder because I was very into email marketing. Now I tried to target all small business types with this and it failed. And the reason why is because I was again targeting a big broad niche. Around this time Clavio popped up. It would it started like about a year before us and they did one thing that was different. They only made email marketing for Shopify stores and e-commerce businesses. I believe it was just Shopify back then. By doing this, their results compared to ours absolutely exploded. Why? Because no one was marketing specific email services to e-commerce stores. And then the problem with all of it is we were trying to market to everybody. So, we weren't optimized or perfect for anybody. Clavio was marketing just to e-commerce people who weren't receiving ads for email software. So, their ads hit because they were the only one uniquely selling us. There weren't five different softwares for e-commerce launching at the time and they were the absolute best and the best and the best at it. So as they grew just a little bit, they became known as the e-commerce software for email or the email software for e-commerce. This allowed them to dominate and I believe the company is worth like 7 billion now. My company that I launched then is worth zero because I'm an idiot and didn't realize this technique that they were doing then. So those are two stories about positioning right here. So how can you do this in your business? Look at your business model. If you're launching a software, you're launching a skincare product, you're launching a gym product, you're launching a info product, where can you find audiences that are not being marketed to that this business model will work for? Then, how can you make an absolute unique product where if you're running an ad, there is no one else running a a product just like yours? Finally, how can you be the absolute best in the space so that when you get a foothold, even if people make competing products, it doesn't matter anymore. So, let's go to my computer right now and do some brainstorming. And this is exactly how I would launch a new business or product with ads and absolutely clean house. Now, first before we get going, I have to give you one ad tip that is paramount. It beats all of this right here. If you just apply this one thing, you're instantly going to see more money from your ads. You should um track your ads. I know I say this every single video like five times. But if you track your ads with Hyros, you are going to see much more money. I literally guaranteed or you do not have to pay for hires. Here's how. If you look at our Facebook ad tracking right here, we tracked 195 calls from this ad set in this time period from our Facebook ads, Facebook caught 88. If I was running my ads based on the data from Facebook, I would be turning off ads that are printing money for me. I would be turning up ads that are not making me money. I would be losing money hand over foot for making the wrong decisions. If you are not tracking your ads with something like this, Hyros is the best and it's the only one that sits in your ad manager like this, you are making terrible decisions with your ads and losing money for no reason. So, you should come check out Hyros when this video is done. Put it on your site. If it doesn't get you results, you don't see an increase in revenue like all the businesses are on page. You can see Tony Robbins, Alexi uses this. Playboy, Bodybuilding.com, 5,000 plus other businesses. If you don't see results like they do, you don't have to pay for it, literally. So, come check it out. The video is done. So, let me show you this method applied to one of my businesses. So, back in the day, if you don't know, I used to be one of those make money online guys. I'd sell courses on how to make money online. Now, I was also running software businesses and all sorts of other stuff, but people really wanted to figure out what I was doing in my businesses. At this point in time, I make so much money, just being transparent with you, it's not worth my time to teach anymore. But back then, making a couple extra $100,000 per month or even millions of dollars per month from teaching was very beneficial for signing my software company. So, I taught a lot of what I knew for money. Now, I just give it away for free, which is what you're getting in these videos. But back then, I would sell courses based around advertising, consulting, uh building agencies, and uh selling info and courses because that's what I was really good at. But everybody else in the niche was selling products like this. It was it was extremely jam-packed. And so what I saw is look, everybody knows about e-commerce and Shopify and drop shipping right now, but back in the day, back in the old wild west of internet marketing, that was a really new thing. And so when I saw that happening, no one was running ads or building courses or making webinars particularly for that. So what I did is, you're probably thinking in this video right now, how do I change to a completely different niche or how do I pivot my business model to another niche? Here's what I did. I found two people who were experts in e-commerce and were getting really, really good results and then basically told them to make a course and I told them exactly what to put in the course, how to train people, etc. And so I took all my knowledge from this business model up here and I imported it to them. I made them partners at the business for a smaller percent. I believe I had 70% of the business than they got 30%. And I said, "Okay, this is going to work way better because there's no one running an offer like this. It's extremely unique right now. It wouldn't be in today's age, e-commerce, Shopify, teaching products are nothing new. And then we're going to run ads to this. And so I stopped running ads in the competitive market space with a product that was like everybody else's. And I made this. Instantly, the product went to well over 1 mil a month in sales. We had many days we're breaking $100,000 a day. Easy peasy. And so this turned it into a near $20 million per year business overnight. And all I did, I didn't change my advertising tactics. I didn't change my business model. I really didn't change any of my funnels or my copyrights or scripts. I just pivoted and marketed to a audience that was being underserved with a unique product that was best in its class because we had the best e-commerce or result guys teaching it inside the product. That's how simple that was. That one change right there made me more money on an info product than I've ever made in info products before. So, how do we do this in your business? Okay, so you got to look at your business model. I'm not saying if you're selling info products or whatever, it only applies to that. This applies to everything. Whether you are selling e-commerce products, whether you are selling info, whether you're selling software, you need to look at your niche and you need to really ask yourself, am I selling anything unique in my niche? Do I have a unique sales proposition? You got to be super honest with yourself. Are there 50 other competitors selling something that's pretty much the same thing as yours? If people take their products versus your products, they get pretty much the same results, then you don't have a wide openen category to go and dominate. So you need to look at inside your niche. Are there subniches or part particular types of people that you could market to? Could you, for example, I'm just going to give you general ideas. Could you take your SAS software and make it specialized for doctor's offices or construction companies or hotels? Could you take your info product and could you make it and warp it into a business model that is completely underserved right now? Could you go and find other people to teach your info product or train in your info product to teach and hit an entirely underserved category with an info product that's never been done before? If you're doing an e-commerce product, are there people inside that industry that are being underserved for a particular uh reason? For example, one thing I saw was really good with skincare recently is I saw this isn't anything new now, but originally people started going and marketing the men who were 40 plus years old because there's a whole bunch of men going through a midlife crisis now on YouTube. All us millennials are turning 40 and so we're suddenly having to deal with this aging thing. So they made skincare products like a complete line of products for men who were 40 plus years old. I'm pretty sure that absolutely killed it because they were the only people making something like this. But you can make specific type of products for people with certain skin con skin tones, hair colors, whatever. Find specific types of people that are being underserved and make a product just for that. When you're also starting a business, say this is the entire niche of let's say uh B2B software and let's say we niche it down to like email marketing. What can you do to find one little small subsection of this niche and be the absolute best product in a niche for those people? Because one of the best ways to blow up your business early on is you don't try and go and compete with everybody else. What you want to do is you want to find this subset where it's very easy to dominate. So for example, if you made an email marketing software only for doctor's offices and every single feature in there was targeted to doctor's offices, you would easily beat out pretty much every single other mail software on the market within like 6 months. Is this niche big enough to make you hundreds of millions of dollars a year? No, probably not. But it's definitely enough to make you like five, six, $10 million a year. Easy peasy. And so that's how you go and do this because then you could literally go and buy ad space to doctors that other people are not using. You could find ad space and target them in different ways that's completely unique. And then from all the advertising, they're saying you're probably offering them with something that's very unique and it's the best product in the space and has unique selling proposition. So, this technique right here is literally, I think, one of the most powerful techniques you can use in all of marketing because it allows you to basically hack the system of competition and having to beat everybody and having to have the best ads and allows you to just go in and run ads very, very cheaply that convert super highly and have the entire intention of a small pond, but still have the entire intention of the small pond. And you have to understand whether it's a big pond or not, if it's a big pond, a lot of times the amount of money it costs to reach that pond is very expensive. But you can have a small pond all yourself, but the cost to reach it is onetenth the price um per customer than it is if you're in that big pond. So for example, if you were going after every single person in B2B email marketing, you'd be paying $100 per customer to reach them and you'd have very low conversion rates. If you were paying for specifically an email marketing software for just doctors, you could probably get those leads in cheaper and the conversion rates will be much much much higher because you have a unique product that is the best in the space for them and you're able to reach them with something they've never seen before. This absolutely shits money is one of the most powerful methods there is. When I launched Hyros, what we did in particular is we made tracking for info marketers and digital course businesses. And that's what we really focus on first and we focus on calls and and running particular types of advertising that showed influencers in that space going and making a lot of money using our tracking. And so that's what we optimize for it first. Now we kind of work for everybody because once you go and get into those spaces where you take over the small little niche, then you can use as a foothold to get into the big niches. So this is just a big overall lesson I think is one of the most powerful lessons that people do not understand in marketing. If you want to see the ad scripts, the ad templates, the targeting, my how I test Facebook ads, it's all going to be posted around this video. And there's also links below this video that have all the other trainings in them. It's all free. It's all here on YouTube. I don't have any courses or anything to sell you. Go watch those. It's everything I do. And uh I'll see you next video. Take it easy.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Make 2.7 Mil A Month Running FB Ads To This 2 Page Site.
VIDEO ID: 2S8eKsfjF7c
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S8eKsfjF7c
================================================================================

[Music] Well, hey there. So, you are an internet scuzzbach who's trying to sell more of your Scuzbag products through Facebook and Google ads. And in this video, I'm going to give you a structure for your Facebook and Google ads. If you use this, it is going to I guarantee and this is not like a hyperbole like when I actually make headlines in internet marketing, they actually mean something. I know nobody does that, but seriously, listen to this. When I guarantee something, I guarantee it. I guarantee if you use this structure here, you are going to double, triple, quadruple, 10x your ads. And I can tell you that because I've used this to build a multi-figure business that generates me many, many millions of dollars per month and many other businesses that are in the 8 figureure range. It just absolutely works. It just just applied in this video. I know that sounds hyperbolic, but I got the results to back it up. I am the CEO of Hyruis. This is one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now. And across all my experience spending tens and tens of millions of dollars on ads, I actually see what is working in the industry. And this little tactic, this structure for Facebook and Google ads, everybody that's doing it is absolutely printing money. Everybody else is getting so so results. Their ads are not scaling. This is going to fix it for you. I virtually literally guarantee it. Now, let me explain how this works because you're probably still skeptical. And yes, I know you're impressed by my new studio. I wanted to create the most depressing office environment possible. I figured the last studio looked way too cool. So, I figured I want to get into a filming environment that looks like a cross between living in my mother's basement and the Chamber of Secrets in Harry Potter. It's a real great place to be. Curb your enthusiasm. Curb your impress. I know this this shooting setup reeks some of success. I just moved. This is the best it's going to get if you came for the special effects in the studio. Not going to happen. We're just going to lower and lower the quality of these videos until it's not even me in the videos. Is it just going to be an AI generated cardboard figure pumping out generic blog marketing information? That's the direction we're heading. Okay. All right. All right. Enough. Look, what the heck are we doing here? Let me explain. See, I do a call a day with an entrepreneur at Hyros. These are businesses. They're running a lot of money on ads. And every single call it is, hey, what's working? Are UGC ads working? Are image ads working? What type of headlines are working? What type of targeting is working? And I got to tell you something. When it comes to paid advertising, yes, having an optimized ad, having optimized headlines, having all the hoopla and the stuff just right, yes, that does get results. That is important. But if you're watching this channel and you run any amount of ads, you probably already know most of the secrets when it comes to ads. You probably can go and make a pretty well optimized ad. And so, you're not going to get the edge by doing that. You're going to get the edge by understanding what the customer is briing not listening to this channel. I can't talk. You're going to you're going to get the results by understanding what the customer's buying and decision makingaking process looks like. Most people mess this up in their ads. In fact, everybody does except for me. I'm the only person in the world to ever nail it. Most people mess this up because they think of ads as some binary thing where we copy some phrases and some lingo and a speaking pattern and that convinces people to buy. No, you have to think about what the person's thinking from the first time they see your ad all the way through. Let me break this down. So, first things first before we get started, I'm going to give you one ultimate ad tip. Track track your ads with an attribution system. Look, I suggest Hires because I own Hires and it's the best tracking possible and it has endless testimonials from like Tony Robbins, Alexi uses it. We have giant brands like Playboy using it. We have a near-perfect score on Trust Pilot. We literally have a guarantee that if you don't make more money using it, you don't have to pay for it. It's a great place to be. But please just track it with something. If you look at our Facebook ads right here, here's me tracking with Hyros. We run a call funnel. the most basic funnel to track of all time. It's just a person clicking on a page and booking a call. And you can see right here, Facebook only caught 42 calls. We're tracking 116 calls right here. If I had been using Facebook's metrics right here, I probably would have turned off these ads or at least think they aren't that successful. I'm paying $500 per call. I'm actually paying $200 per call, which is printing money at my business. I am begging you, if you run ads and watch this video, apply what I'm about to tell you. It's going to double your ad results, but you're not really going to get much traction with your ads if you're not tracking where the sales are coming from and which ads are profitable and how profitable they are. Please, after this video is done, just come stop by Hyros. Check it out. Takes 2 seconds to apply and you're going to be able to actually run your ads so much more efficiently, which will make you more money from what I'm about to teach you right here. FYI, also before we get started, I'm going to mention a lot of ads, Facebook targeting, whatever in this video. On this channel, I give away literally everything for free. All I want to do is just teach you how to make more money from your ads so that you eventually come and track your ads with Hyro. So, I'm just going to tell you everything I know. At the end of this video, you'll have links to the scripts, the ad targeting, everything I'm doing, how I how I target everything on Facebook, exactly what I run ads, the scripts. You'll watch them all. It's all there verbatim. You can also just browse around on this channel. It's literally all here. What we need to focus on this right here is an understanding that when you combine it with those things is going to turbocharge your ads, the scripts, and everything you're using. So, let's dive into it. So look, let me explain this core problem that you're probably making and almost everyone I talk to that runs ads that isn't extremely rich like myself is making. So look, I was talking to a SAS company, but this is across e-commerce across info marketing the other day and I was looking at their ads. I'm like, why aren't our ads converting? We can't make this work. And it's fundamentally un misunderstanding what the customer cares about and how they make their decision-making process. So, let me give you the tip of the iceberg real quick and then we're going to get into a step-by-step six-step proven method that you can use uh that is going to just make your ads crush because you're actually going to dive deep into your customer's brain and extract the thing that makes them do the thing you want, which is buy stuff, optin, book phone calls, or basically believe you're going to be able to solve their problem if they give you money, which is the core thing we're trying to do here. That's that's it at the end of the day. If we can get someone to think if they give us money, their problem will be solved. We've won. But how the heck do we get there? So, I was looking at their ads and from the get-go, their SAS company and their software ads, they said, "Why aren't they converting?" There's two things they were misunderstanding from the get-go. So, they're just running ads saying, "Hey, our our software can do this. It will optimize, let's just say in this instance right here, your emails for you." Okay? And they're they were running all these ads and they're like, "Well, we can't scale the ads because they're not profitable uh right away. Um we we spend $100 and we only get 50 bucks back and we don't know why they're not converting." So, let's look at what's going on right here from the get-go. So, this is part of the process I'm going to teach you. I just want to show you how off people are. What a lot of people are doing with their ads is the first thing you can see that they are doing with the ad is they start talking about what the product does. And that's not what the customer cares about. The only thing a customer cares about when they're buying a B2B software, and I'm going to show you this process for ecom and everything else, but we have to nail down what the customer cares about. The only thing a person cares about in a B2B software is money. So the only thing we should be advertising is the saving or creation of money. If you ever look at high roast ads for example, the only thing I directly connect it to immediately in every single ad, I never talk about tracking in the ads. I talk about the percent increase in the ads you're going to see. I show Tony Robbins going and doubling one of his ad funnels with it. I get all the results from all the cut big companies that come through. I always make sure it focuses or I ask them how much do were you able to scale your ads further? That's why if you go to Hyro site, you just see endless results. not talking about what Hyros does tracking accuracy wise. No one cares about that. What it talks about is how much more money people are making from their ads by using accurate data. And so what they're doing right here is if I was running Hyros ads based around tracking accuracy, which is what a lot of our competitors did back in the day, uh and that's why we absolutely body slam them because they don't understand what their customers care about. So by doing this, one, they don't understand what the customer is looking for. And then two, they don't understand the customer buying process. When a person is buying B2B software, what they do is you alert them to the problem and nobody clicks an ad and just starts buying B2B software like they're buying underwear on the internet. No one's like, "Oh man, this is a cool enter soft underwear. I got to buy it now." That's not how they buy it. What they do is soft underwear. It's the new thing in e-com going to be a giant hit. You heard it here first. But what they do is they get alerted to the fact that they have the problem and then what they do is they think about it for a little bit. They talk to their team and then when they finally decide, hey, this is a problem. We need to solve it, they go and look at the top three different companies. And so the way you want to run e-commerce ads is you want or I mean SAS ads is you want to attach it back to money. And then what you want to do is you want to remember that they're not going to buy right away. And then you want to remarket the hell out of them so that when they do make the decision to finally come and fix this problem, you're sitting there like a Geico commercial when their person thinks about looking for insurance. Okay. So, why did I just explain this whole situation to you? I just wanted to show you a very simple thought process or example of how people are dramatically misunderstanding how their customer is thinking about, looking for and buying their product. This simple little process that I just showed you or this example showed you just this shift in mindset is something that makes our ads at Hyros, which we sell tracking, which is the most boring thing on planet Earth, makes it sexy and something that people buy like crazy. And so the secret to our ads and the reason why my company's ads do very well is not because I follow some script or some pattern or some UGC format with a specific landing page. We literally just send people to our website. It's because what I do is I understand the customer buying process. And so what we need to do when we're looking at our ads is we need to go through some questions and some flows to actually understand what our customer is trying to do and what the buying process looks like. Okay? Okay, so I want to walk you through this. And if you do this general thought process before you start running your ads, you're going to make 10 times better ads. And you're going to think about how your ads are going to work with your customer much better. So look, the first thing we need to think about with our ads is what does the buying process look like? So if you're running an e-commerce business, the buying process looks like a person coming straight to the site and buying right away. If you have a low ticket item, that's what it looks like. All right. So what we're trying to do is we really need to frontload getting this low ticket item sold. So that means using a lot of scarcity tactics, aggressive things, and then following up around this one low ticket product right here. But if we're selling a SAS product, for example, what the buying process looks like is sometimes the customer takes a week or two to buy. They go and talk to their team. They think about it. If we have a really high ticket product, our e-commerce product, the person's probably going to talk to support. They're going to do some research. They're going to go ask, chat, GPT. And so there's all sorts of things you could think about when the person lands on the site that cut them off from those things or help them with those things. putting in little maybe an AI bot that helps them with the chats or whatnot to answer their questions. So, for example, I was looking at like a hyperbaric chamber the other day. That's not something I'm just going to click an ad and be like and then buy it. No, I want to ask questions, but there was nothing on the site to ask questions about. Their chat wasn't responsive. You know how crazy it would have been if I just land on the page and they had just a chat GBT that was trained to answer questions right below the product. I could just ask questions about it. It would have been groundbreaking. But instead, I have to like email them and then wait two like two days to get a response. All sorts of stuff like this is what you need to think about when you're looking at your ads and then think about what the process is going to look like. If you're running a SAS company right here, you probably want to market to the people first and then really focus more on your remarketing. If you're running a low ticket company right here, you really want to focus on your scarcity and all the things that cause a person to buy on their first try because you have to hook them right there. Okay? If you're thinking about something where you're selling something high ticket or a high ticket maybe e-commerce or something like that, think about all the questions and other places they're going to go when they click on these ads. other things they're going to think about. Okay, so I just want you to think about this when before you start running your ads. What does the buying process look like overall? And then you might start thinking, hm, maybe I need to adjust how I look at my ads. For example, I see SAS people running ads the same way that e-commerce people are trying to run their ads or something like that. It it just doesn't work. Okay, so the next thing and really the most important place to start at is what the f do these people want? What the hell do they actually want? What people don't want out of your skin care product is a new cream that feels luxurious on their skin that has a revolutionary acne treatment system attached to it. They don't want that. They want to get rid of their blackheads in 3 days. They want to get rid of their blackheads fast. Okay? And so when a person buys a SAS software, what do they want? They want to make a lot of money. They want to make more money than they pay. They want their business to make more money. When a person buys a hyperbaric chamber, for example, what do they want? They want a h a hyperaric chamber that gets to a certain pressure and has these dials and features. No, they probably want to improve their skin, reduce some certain ailment, something like that. Reverse aging, something like that. That's the thing they want to see. And so, it's very important when you're running ads, you identify this what the f immediately and you focus all your ads on that. You don't focus it on anything else. This is the most important shift you can make in your ads. Everybody out there is advertising their features or the things it does, not the result that people want. So think about this immediately and then zero in on this. Now the next thing you need to consider and that most people don't consider when they have their ads is that people often don't consider themselves that they have this problem especially in B2B. Okay. So, if you're dealing with like skin care or something like that or like health supplements, all the time I see ads and the best ones, for example, um I'm going to give you example of a really good place to just skim around to get ideas for this. If you go skim through Twitter, I am constantly in health Twitter discovering I have new massive problems with my body and I'm taking the wrong supplements. Like every five scrolls, it's like this new breakthrough thing right here is why your liver is on fire or this this new foot bath thing. All this all this kind of stuff, right? I'm constantly discovering there's something new and terrible wrong with my body and there's news this new magic plant in Nicaragua that solves everything like every 10 minutes. And the way every single one of these ads always starts off and it's not so much an ads just people posting on Twitter is by convincing me first off I have the problem in the first place. And so for example I've seen one that was like you know Mark Wahberg had high blood pressure and then he like reversed it using this thing right here. But the craziest thing is like most men over 35 have this crazy chronic thing just like Mark and they didn't know. They don't know that they have it. That gets me paying attention right away. And so what you need to think about with your ads is do people actually know they have the problem? One of the ways to easy easily expand your ads is by being able to target people that don't know they have the problem. So, for example, if people have a wrinkly face, they know they have a wrinkly face, but if they if you can pin other reasons to like why why it's happening, maybe they've accepted it, but they they think they it's there's no way they can solve it. And it could be like it's actually something in your air conditioner that's causing your wrinkly face or something like that. Or for example, when I started running ads, most people didn't think they had a tracking problem. They thought Facebook ads were good enough. And so, I had to convince people that they did have the problem. So, one of the ways that I did this was by first catching their attention with stories, okay? Stories of how celebrities on Hyros fix this problem, okay? And so what I did with this is I attach it to the thing they want. All right? So I show celebrities making more money. Okay? So people think, hm, I want more money. How are they making more money? Then I introduce them to the problem. Okay? And so this is something you just want to do in your ads. You want to think about what the heck does the person want? What's the end result? And then what's the problem that's causing it? And how can we convince them that they have this problem? Almost everybody running ads on Facebook, if I say you have a tracking problem, they don't know they have a tracking problem. Nobody knows they have a tracking problem. I have to make these stupid videos making this content for you to really persuade you and hint at the fact that maybe you should track your ads accurately because if you know where your sales are coming from, it's incredibly helpful if you're throwing money at ads to know which ads are generating sales. But nobody, okay, I'm not even going to get into my rant right now, but you you see what I'm saying right here. So the way I grew Hyros very successfully was by convincing people that they have this problem that they do have. And so when you think about your ads, think first off, what's the buying process look like? What the heck do they even want? And are they even aware they have the problem in the first place? So then the next thing you need to think about with your ads and your landing pages when you're writing copy for your ads or you doing anything is getting the person to the place where they think they need to solve the problem. So how do you do this? You want to show compounding damage after you've introduced the problem to them from these things. So for example, what I would show in hyros ads is the amount of loss stacking up. So for example, if a person had like 100k a month business, um we'd show that they were like losing an additional 20k a month in the ad. Or we'd show excessive results. So companies using it, etc. Because what people are going to do is is you have to either get a person across the line with your ads by showing them massive benefits, massive gain, or massive loss. That's how you have to end every single ad. And so, for example, you really need to like if we have like a skincare or a skin cream ad or something like that, you need to show like a lot of people, like tons and tons of people curing their skin in record time and then say something like, "Come to this page. We'll show you a case study of 500 people, 100 people, everyone getting this result you want in record time." That's how you do the massive benefit. Okay? That's how I would do it at Hyros, for example. I'd say come to this page, you're going to see endless results. Or you need to show the massive compounding damages. So when it's like health products or like a B2B product, the compounding damages of not leaving this or leaving this problem alone, that's going to get people to click on the ads and actually take the action. So what do they want? Convincing them they have the problem and then showing them the massive benefit to convince them that they need to solve the problem or the compounding damage that they're causing by not solving the problem. This is going to get people to come through and actually look at your site and start digging around and doing stuff. And then finally, the last mistake I see with people in their ads, and this is such a simple exercise. Everything I walked you through is just basic persuasion, but people don't think these things apply to their ads. They don't they don't think about it, and they think my UGC ad just wasn't like was didn't have a hot enough babe in it or something. I don't know. Finally, when a person does come to your site, if you want your ads to convert much more at all, here's here's what you need to do. Like, here's how you blow up the conversion of all your ads. You convince them that it works. Okay? I've seen every sales copy, every trick, every page, everything like that. The only thing people really care about is that it works. And so, you can try every trick in the book when it comes to what you're doing. But the number one way you're going to convince people on your pages when people actually land there is by showing results and then backing them up with crazy guarantees. And if you're in terms of health products or supplements or e-commerce or something like that, showing specific studies, stuff like that is going to push you over the edge. The next thing you also have to do is think about making them understand briefly how it works. So once you've convinced people when they land on your page that it works. You need to convince them how it works in the simplest format possible without confusing them. A beautiful example of this is on the Hyros website. If you go look at the top of the website, we have this really simple video right here that shows how the software works without a sales video or anything like that. I don't like sales videos per se because they can get really long and confusing. But what you want to focus on is people don't care how it works. They just want to grasp the concept of how it's going to get them this result. If you tell someone that you're going to get rid of all the blackheads of their on their face in 3 minutes or 3 days, whatever, they're not really going to swing. If you if you show them, for example, um one of the best pitches I saw for skincare products was this combination product where it said, "All right, so the way you're going to get rid of your blackheads record fast is you're going to use this acid cream first to open up your pores and get rid of all the blackhead juices in there. Get them out of it." And I always talk about skin cream in these videos. I apologize. I just find it like the most obvious, pitchable, copyrightable market on planet Earth to explain. So, it says you're going to use this to get all the little pores clean, and then you're going to use our next supplement right here to close it all up. So, it's going to get rid of the blackheads and then shrink the pores. Do you see how easy that was to understand? Like, I didn't explain the science or anything behind it or anything complicated. Um, or assume the person had the problem or anything like that. I just basically laid out, hey, this is the process we're going to use here. And then it just showed endless endless endless endless results of that working. Okay? And so, that works really, really, really well. So, when people come to the page, like you have to understand, I see so many pages where it's describing the features, the the product itself, um the bottling, the brand, the company, all this stuff right here. You really need to go and show that it works. For example, I bought this very nice pair of pajamas recently. And the reason is because it cools my body down. At least that's what it says on the website. I just think I'm a rich guy buying stupid, expensive, overpriced But that's a whole other that's a whole other video. Anyways, the reason why I bought it, it showed people increasing their sleep times because the pajamas cooled them down and cooled down their body temperatures. Okay, you see how that worked right there? And then it showed a bunch of results and like studies about it. That's why I bought the product. And so, as I was skimming through Facebook, it convinced me first off that I had a problem because I was I was overheated when I was sleeping. Okay, it had like, you know, Brian Johnson talks about overheating when he's sleeping and you got to get your co your your body temperature this this amount right here. But did you know the sheets and what people wear the bed is overheating their body then stopping them from getting to the appropriate body temperature? Well, now we have these awesome expensive pajamas. You should come throw tons of Yeah. See, that's you can see how the process worked. And so, this is what you need to think about when you're running your ads. I know a lot of stuff in this video was kind of like had nothing to do with going inside the Facebook ad manager and optimizing your targeting and your ad copywriting or your ad headlines and UGC videos and your templates and scripts. That's because those things don't matter. What matters is that you go through the process that the customers think in your head and think about how you're going to market them and persuade them to go through that pathway that I just talked about right there. It doesn't matter what your funnel looks like. It doesn't matter what your ads look like. It matters that they go through this persuasion funnel process. What does their buying process look like? If you're running a B2B business ad, they're probably not going to buy from the first ad. So, it's going to look more like a retargeting combo. You have to think about how people are going to interact on the page of the site. When I mentioned like that hyperaric chamber, of course, people aren't going to buy from the damn ad. Okay? And they're going to have questions and they're so you might as well cut them off right there. You got to think about how people are going to behave on your website and like what's going on in their heads. Top of that, what is most important to them? What is the result that they're looking for? That's all they care about. That's all they care about. So focus on that in your ads. And then once they see the result, convince them of the problem they have that's stopping them from getting the result. That's what you have to identify. And then you show them massive benefits, massive gain, or massive loss to get them on to the next site. And then you back it up with results, testimonials, whatever. Once they get to the page, your main goal is convince them that it works. And if you are doing B2B, the thing you need to convince them as is that they will make more money by plugging this in without any risk whatsoever. That's the thing you need to do to get people to buy in B2B. When it comes to ecom and other stuff like that, what I talked about, remember the pajamas, remember the skin care. All right? You have to show those studies, those results, those re those testimonials, those things convince people that it works and then give them a very brief grasp of how it works so they grasp it, they can explain it to themselves, and then they're going to buy. This is going to turbocharge your ads no matter what you're doing. You you could literally just have a a butt puppet talking, and you're going to see better results in the ads you're running right now if you're breaking these rules right here. So, this has been the video for today, guys. If you want to see the actual scripts and ads for this, well, um, they're linked right here. So, I'm going to go make a potion in the Chamber of Secrets now, uh, which is my new office. So, uh, I'll talk to you later. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: This AI Facebook Ad Targeting Set Up Is Printing Money ($30k A DAY?!)
VIDEO ID: rk0Rwj_Yba4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk0Rwj_Yba4
================================================================================

So AI, video and image generation has changed literally everything. The cost for us to get a customer at Hyros and some of my other businesses has been cut in half by these workflows I'm going to show you in this video. Now, the last few videos I talked about making AI images and AI videos. If you want to see how to make the content for these videos, it's on the channel for free. I don't sell you here. Just go check out the videos. It's all check it out. What I'm going to show you right now is the testing and strategy that I use with these AI videos because right now this unlocks superpowers for anyone. I' I have an image generation company that I run on the site. It's one of my smaller businesses, but I've been on the cutting edge of creating images for ads and AI for uh almost a year and a half now. It hasn't really been applicable up until this point because you have to install stuff locally on a computer, train faces, train models, and even when you're using like really the cutting edge stuff, it's just not consistent with what you want to do with ads. So, it's just better to just paste one draw something. Absolutely not anymore. We've hit the singularity and any person who understands how to work these things consistently. You're an endless factory of good creative and content to use for ads. You can make 15 20 new top level creatives before your morning coffee every single day. It's nuts. And if you understand how to put the videos and it's just nuts. It's nuts. Go check out the other videos about that said. With great power comes great responsibility. And the thing is, you have to understand how to test these in your ad accounts and how to test new ads so rapidly and put these ads up and even use it to improve your existing ads. So, what I want to do in this video is show you the strategy we're using is really cut our cost to get customers down in half so that you can go do it as well. Um, why? Because on this channel, I don't have anything to sell you. I don't have some mastermind or some course to sell you. I just want you to use what I'm going to show you in these videos so that your ads money. And then when they start money, you're probably going to think to yourself, "Man, I'd like it if they more money and I could spend less while they could still money." And at that point, you're probably going to want to use my tracking company, Hyros. It's one of the largest tracking companies in the world right now. Our print tracking and AI when you put it on your Facebook ads, your Google ads, your whatever ads is going to show you 30, 40, 50% more sales that your ad track ad platform tracking is missing. When you use that data, you will run your ads so much better and make so much more money. It's insane. That's why thousands and thousands of people use Hyros. All the big names flashing across the screen. And if it doesn't increase your ad ROI by 15% at least, you don't pay for it. And we have thousands and thousands of customers. So, I can tell you straight face, the thing works and does everything I just talked about right here. So, you should come check it out the video because you'll make more money from your ads. It'll be night and day. But let's let's give you the chef's kiss content you came for. Let me show you this float that we're using that's really improving our ad. It's just it's nuts. Very excited about this. Let me show you. So, let me show you this pattern I've been following. And frankly, I think this is the best way to be testing ads in general in Facebook right now in 2025. I'm just using the AI catchphrase uh the clickbait you into this video to get you to watch. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. This is actually, in my opinion, the best way to be building your ad structures. If you're just a simpleton like me, there's some very complicated things you can do, but I am a stage five dumbass. This just straight up works. But also, with AI changing everything, we are having to test so much ad creative. And to do this correctly, we need a really simple process we can repeatably use over and over again to scale up our ads. So, let me show you how I do this and how we start on Facebook and then we grow it on Facebook and then we take it to Google Ads and then we take it to everywhere else. So, let me show you how this works. So, we're going to hop into my ad manager right here. So, I'm going to show you one super duper important thing right here. If you look right here and see the calls section right here and you look right here and see what Facebook caught right here, you can see the Hyru calls caught are just absolutely wildly not even anywhere close to what has been actually tracked by Hyru in this example right here. You can see for example, I was able to catch 76 calls here. And if we're looking at this result right here, it caught 35 calls on Facebook. What does this mean? Look, I don't want to sit here and show you hyros all video long. That's not my goal here. I want to show you this technique. I don't know how you're going to scale your ads properly if you're not tracking your sales, your revenue, your calls, your add to carts, everything properly. I don't know how you're going to do it. So, like step one of me doing this process right here is I have to see what calls are coming in. And I need to preferably see when I'm scaling my ads, which calls are generating revenue, which ones are generating long-term sales, which ones are converting, which ones are unqualified. if these are sales in general, if I'm running any other business, I have to see if the ad to carts convert. I don't know how you can run ads without tracking it. So, please after this video is done, if you are any level of serious ad runner, please stop by Harros, Tony Robbins, Alex Herozi, Cookfunnels.com, Playboy, Patrick Bet, David, Grant Cardone, Bodybuilding, everybody uses it. And if your ads don't scale and get the results I'm talking about in this video with it, you don't have to pay for it. Like, if your ads don't scale 15% using it, you don't have to pay for it. Seriously. So, please come check it out. video. Hyris is phenomenal. Use it. Now, look what we want to be doing is when it comes to AI test. I'm going to remove the the Hyris gadget right here just so we can see things a little bit more clearly. But you can see I'm able to test so many ads so fast. So, for example, on Facebook earlier, you should follow me there because where I kind of post a lot of my ad content if you want. Just Alex Becker Zero on Facebook. Don't follow my Twitter. Do not do not. That guy on Twitter has nothing to do with me. But anyways, I post on Facebook all a lot of my winning ads from last week. And so you can see all these ads I was able to generate really easily with AI really quickly. And the thing is each of these ads has like four or five different variants. So you can see like for example uh the Roids one right here. This one has um one where the bottle is smaller. Let me make sure you can see that correctly. You can. It has one where there's like the bottle's much bigger. This was actually the winning one. There's one where there's a body builder in it. There's one where it's white. And so you can see just how fast I can pump out ad creative. And so we need a way to test this very quickly. So you can see like for example with these ads, this guy busting in the door right here. I tested a whole bunch of different examples of them. All sorts of different stuff. We got got normal looking one. We got guy coming through with flames. Uh actually I did this these crazy news ones. You can see I got the guy coming through with flames. So you can just see how much creative I was able to test. literally last week. And so what I do every single morning is I just like wake up and I make four or five different creatives of like a different Joker comic and just chuck it up every single morning and I want to see which ones are going to be the winners. Now, here's how this is really effective and here's how we use it in two different ways. We want to use it with retargeting and we also want to use it with our main scalable ads. So, let me break down how I do this. It's actually really, really simple. So, first thing you really want to achieve inside your Facebook ads is you want to get a lot of conversions. Now, I've been running Hyros ads for years and so we have the the Hyru call conversion. Even with Facebook not tracking it correctly, we have thousands and thousands of calls that h that Facebook has tracked. So, we're able to give that to them. Now, what I'm going to suggest to you if you're just starting off or you don't have a lot of conversions, just set your conversion to a page that shows intent. So, for example, on the Hyros website, one thing that worked for me for a long time is I just set the conversion to be the call page. So if people navigated all the way to the call page, I just considered that a conversion and optimized Facebook around that. And then I'd also track the calls and as soon as we had enough calls, like 100, 200, that's when we flipped it over. Okay? So that's what you're going to want to do in that situation right there. Same thing would apply to e-commerce or anything else if you don't have enough sales. Of course, when you're working e-commerce, you usually stack up sales a little bit faster and able to do that. So, okay. So, what do we want to do? I'm just going to walk you through my exact process for one of my recent winning ads. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set the targeting to just pure good old-fashioned blank advantage plus audiences. I'm not I'm not doing any targeting whatsoever. You can see right here. All right. Um like none. Now, if your audience is based around specific genders, people, whatever, you can go in and set that right there. But once you have enough conversions, you can just let the audience plus run. It it's it's actually kind of groovy because you don't even have to think anymore. Now, what I suggest you do is you use audience plus audiences or advantage plus audiences, but try some of your best audience as well. Try a lookalike audience. Um maybe set the settings with like men only if you are in a specific business model or something like that. Of course, do that. But it's again, Facebook is going to pick up on those those attributes. But experiment with it. I tried every single way to get better results than the advantage plus. So, for example, I was doing a scaling campaign right here and I was doing it based on results page. Um, all sorts of different tests right here. And the ones that got the best results was, you can see here's one where I just did the Pure Advantage Plus. And then I Here's one where I just did a lookalike audience with our buyers in it. Okay? And so you can see that the one that just crushed it for us is Pure Advantage Plus. And so these are qualified calls that I track coming in um because of how our forms work and everything. So this is just printing money for us. Um at $250 a call at Hyros a call is like worth a,500 bucks to us, give or take, considering where it comes from. So this is just great for us. This is really good. Okay. But how am I going to go and test these new ads? How am I going to go import them into what's going on? So, I'm going to level with you right here. When I'm running these initial ads right here, I'm not really looking at the cost per call that's coming in right here. Now, you can see that sometimes we can get some really good results right here. So, this told me these ads right here were ready uh to be moved on up. Um this is a really good results. $214 per call. Really good. That being said, what I'm usually looking for right here, since these are new campaigns, just starting off, is I just want to see which ads are getting the clicks. I want to see which ones are coming through and then I'll just move them on over uh to the other one for testing. if I see some really good results. So, there's two ways you can go and test a lot of ads like this. So, what a lot of people like to do is they like to do one of these where they have a campaign where you go and you have all the adsets and campaigns compete against each other. I don't like this at all because you end up I don't know if you can see the reach over here. Let me slide this over for you. But you can see the reach only goes to one of the ads and so it just kills all the other ads. Now, that's not necessarily a bad thing, but for this testing, I'm trying to test a bunch of ads. And so, I don't I don't necessarily want just one ad to be ruling them all. So, what I do is I go and I just create a brand new ad set and I set it to advantage plus. And then I'm just going to put them in there. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at which ad performs the best out of these. And I'm just going to do about four or five of these every single week. So, print out four or five different ads every single morning and then see which one performs the best. Obviously, this one right here performed really, really well. Okay. So then what I'm going to do with these best performing ads is I'm going to do two things, okay, each week. So I don't have ad blindness. And this is really effective with retargeting, by the way, if you run a business like mine. Because for example, at Hyro, if you are in paid advertising, there's pretty good chance you've seen my ad. There's only probably maybe 50,000 100,000 people on planet Earth actively spending over 20 50,000 a month uh media buying. Okay? So, it's not particularly hard for me to reach every single potential user and customer with with my high-risisk ads. This is not the same if you're like selling deodorant via e-commerce ads. The world is full of stinky okay? There's billions of them. So, you could just run you could spend million dollars a day on Facebook and never reach all of them. Okay? So, a little bit different situation right here. I really have to worry about ad blindness in my niche. So, constantly having new ads up is very beneficial to me. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and find the ones that win in each category. So, that one won right there. Um, let's see. This one right here. This this this pilot one right here. This is a winning ad and this one. All right. So, this one won right here. And so on so forth. So, then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and take these over to my main scaling ads right here. Okay. And so, you can see what I do is I just like to make one giant pure advantage plus. I tried being creative and doing all the technical stuff. it doesn't work anymore. All right, the actually this visits one might have a little bit of potential right here. Um, and this one right here actually did pretty damn good, but I think it kind of fell apart later on. So, I might actually want to come back and play with this audience right here. And so, I'm just going to show you this audience right here that's been working well for us. This one right here is just a list of buyers and customers from the past few years. So, this one I think started outperforming once we started breaking into a larger higher scale. Anyways, coming down to these ads right here. So then what I'm going to do with these ads this week is I'm going to go in and I'm going to try and kill my top ads. So I like to keep my four best ads running. Okay. Now what you can also consider doing is what I suggest doing is also creating an image only test of this. Okay. So for me right now video ads are doing very very well. But what I'm about to do is create a same audience like this but it's going to be images only. Okay. And see how that performs. But what I'm going to try and do is I'm going to go and import these images into this and I'm going to put all four of them in there and I'm going to try and kill it down to the best four and then just repeat that every single week. And so that works really, really, really well with the ad testing. And so this is how we've gotten a really good mix of ads. They're all performing really well and getting us a really good cost per call. Now, here's the even more creative part. What I'm going to then do also is I'm going to go over here and move on to a retargeting because if if you're running a business like mine and any business really retargeting is absolutely clutch key where you're going to be really for my business doing a lot of damage in terms of awareness because what I want to do you have to understand how I run my ads is I want to get an ad buyer to my site any way possible with the main ads and then I want to constantly be reminding them that Hyros exists. Why? So with my business model, my entire goal is to be like Geico because if you run advertising, I mean, for example, if you just go look at the campaigns right here, if you run paid advertising and you're not using tracking, you just literally are not seeing accurate data coming into your business. Like it's it's so infinitely off on Google and Facebook ads, like it's not you're not you're not running realistic ads if you're not using some type of tracking like Chyros. So, I know that when people run media buying campaigns or whatever, eventually, as soon as they're making any bit of money, they're going to need tracking. So, what I want to do is I want to constantly be slamming them over the head with retargeting ads. Okay? And so, you might not see the calls coming in right here, but I know these things are doing the business because, well, we ask a lot of people when they come in through our calls. And again, a lot of our traffic from Hyros comes in organically, but the way people are discovering it is from these ads. And so what is happening, people is clicking these initial ads, these first ones over there, and they're booking their calls or whatnot, but then eventually we're going to hammer them over the head with these ads right here. And so what I really want to do is I want them to see the most memorable ads and then get hit over and over and over again with them. Okay? So this is something you should consider doing with your business, especially if you're like in software or something else. You always want to be on the customer's mind. So what I like to do is I go and take the best ads every single week and I put the best one. You can see I have the best one right here. the best one right here, the best one right here, and I go and I put them all in there just at very small daily ad spins because again, we only get about maybe 30, 40,000 visitors a month to the higher site. It's not a lot. It doesn't take me very much money to reach all of them. Okay, so I can go right here and be reaching a couple thousand people every single day. If I wanted to push it a little bit further, I could. But what I want to do is I want them to constantly be seeing new ads, okay? because they're I don't want them to get ad blindness to our other retargeting ads, which they see all the time. They see all the time. So, I want to constantly every single day I want to be delivering them a new chuckle or some new type of image ad that they're going to see. Okay? And so, that's how I like to run those when it comes to retargeting ads. Of course, you can see that we have some of our other retargeting ads and everything else running right here, the more long scale ones, but I like to keep hitting them with new ads every single week. So, this is something you can do for cold audiences with your retargeting audiences. Now, one other thing I'm going to show you is as soon as I see that we do have a winning ad, so for example, this this ad right here, the steroid ad that I showed you earlier on was doing very, very well. All I'm going to do is when I see a winning ad that wins not only in the cold audiences but in retargeting and it its main clips, I'm going to go and I'm going to generate the ad in different formats and I'm going to pump this baby to all the other ad networks. So on GDN, I'm going to go over here, hop over to GDN and pow, pop over this advertisement to GDN and start running it here as well. So you can see I I have tons of different formats for it. And so that's one thing I suggest you do. We're going to go and test all of our image ads on Facebook. And then GDN is really, really, really good right now if you're experimenting with it. And if you take your best image ads, which for example, YouTube is just terrible right now for B2B at least. But image ads on GDN doesn't have the same problem that YouTube has, which I believe the problem of YouTube is everybody has uh YouTube plus now that makes over $10 a year because no one's going to watch ads on that platform. like 45 seconds to watch a a clip of Taylor Swift petting a cat. No, I'm not going to do that. So, image ads uh I think are doing very very well in GDN right now. Search ads are doing very very well because you don't have that same ad blindness problem and very few businesses actually run GDN ads competently. So, you can really retarget your customers with these new ads the same way I described it in this video. So, that's the process I'm using for testing on these AI ads that we've been talking about the last week or so on the channel. I'll probably talk about GDN and some other stuff here in the next video when we're talking about AI ads and scaling these up. That's kind of where the real secret sauce is at the moment. But, uh, I'm not going to do that in this video because I want you to watch the next video and then maybe maybe check out Hyros after this and stop losing all sorts of money on your ads. So, that being said, I'll see you in the next video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Make 10x ROI AI Image Facebook Ads (Open AI Ad Guide 2025)
VIDEO ID: sEFARrqZ9y8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEFARrqZ9y8
================================================================================

so AI image generation has changed everything this is the stupidest thing I've ever seen and it's cut our cost to get calls and customers and sales down literally 50% at hyos and some of the other businesses I run it's insane and in this video I want to show you my image ad flow that I'm using to just just fart noises are the sounds of saving money by the way I don't know if you know that but this is what they are look this image flow that I have right here has allowed me to pump out so much really highlevel image ad creative you can see just the screen will get flooded with all of them right now this is what I just made like this morning in like 30 minutes it's insane and being able to replace creative this fast and Test new creative and make new creative this quickly has allowed me to just I can't make enough fart noises at you today the cost per sale is just plummeted and so what I want to show you today is my flow for creating these image ads so you can go do it yourself now if you don't know which you probably don't cuz I don't talk about my other companies other than High I have an image generation company and I've been on The Cutting Edge of this stuff for a while and you're probably thinking AI is a little bit scary not anymore the past week it's finally up to the point we're in the singularity point and anybody can come and apply this right now and start making just Oodles of improvements to their ads you like literally it's insane it's night and day what you can do with your advertising so I want to show you how I'm making these images now because in the past I've been making images with the AI and whatnot but you have to install stuff locally on your computer you have to generate models you have to train faces it doesn't always come out exactly right it's just not very effective for ads not anymore you can just L throw crap at the wall and it works amazingly well so I'm just going to teach you this 100% for free I don't have some Mastermind or anything to sell you all I want to do on this channel is teach you everything I know about advertising so that your ad sh money make you a lot more money and then when you're making a lot more money you're going to think to yourself I'd like to make more money and spend less money on ads to make more money and get more customer cheaper that's when you're probably going to use my tracking company hyros which pretty much everyone on planet Earth with a big name is using thousand and thousands of customers use it because if you plug this tracking into your ads you're going to get the accurate data see where all your sales are coming from to a te it tracks 340 50% more sales than Facebook ads Google ads whatever ad platform tracking you're using and that's going to make you at least 15% more on your ads or you literally don't pay for it I'm not joking come check out hus after this if your ads do not improve like all these freaking crazy amounts of people and people you know they're on the screen right now you don't pay for it so come check it out after it'll make your ad so much more money now let's talk about these image ads let's just with the absolute Basics here in chat gbt and I want to just show you flows now the cool thing about this is it's just it's made this so simple what I'm going to be showing you later on is how I actually use this uh locally in my own stable diffusion to create all sorts of cool images of myself and stuff like that I'm going to show you some advanced stuff but that's stuff that really isn't accessible to most people especially if you're new to AI image creation it's just not going to be um something you're going to be starting off with but now with chat GB BT it's so easy to do a lot of the basics here and this is going to get you 95% of the way there I'm going to show you the other stuff that's going to put you above everybody else at the end of this video though so let's just go over the basics right here if you haven't seen this using chat GPT to create images is crazy now we're going to be using a lot of my crypto content and if you ever been to my crypto side of my my content online it's it's just about the worst thing ever I apologize this is actually just a clone of me this is my evil stepbrother the person in those videos and and saying all those Terrible Things definitely not me so do not pay attention to that but you're going to see I'm using this a lot for my YouTube and creative and promotional side um of mar crypto related stuff too but I'm going to show you this primarily for use and ads that's the focus of this video so just to go over the basis right you can see I just threw a picture of myself in here please remake this image in studio gibly style okay so it just goes and makes a picture of myself right here now when you're using these commands you can see that you're going to need to a lot of times really keep chat gbt and guidelines you can see how it goes and made this iPhone size in said this size so what you need to do is be really taking in the mind um the specifics of what it's spitting out because it's going to try and go off the rails a little bit so telling it the dimensions and reemphasizing things is important which we'll get to here in a second um but you can see as I'm going through this right here I'm able to take this image and en use it to create several other images so you can tell it to okay put put this person in front of fire okay now put this in front of uh in a Solo leveling anime design right here so you can see we can just really tell it what we want and I'm sure as you play with this you're going to get better at talking to it you can see that the prompts I'm using right here making sure you can see these they're not exactly Advanced prompts we make this image in a solo level anime style holding a futuristic shotgun not too complicated right here but you can start to see the potential with this when it comes to ads because it allows you to create several different ads in different templates Styles colors everything very rapidly for example what I can do right here is I can take myself if we're just looking at like basic image type creation right here I can take a picture of myself and then make a picture of myself uh for promotions for example YouTube thumbnails or content for Twitter so you can just see how easy it is to move characters and images and kind of pass around your idea around a lot of things so I'm going to be getting into actually how to make faces and stuff look like you here in a second but let's just focus back on the the basics right here so the next thing I want to show you right here is you can see this this original image of myself I created here and I just want to show you how specific you can get right here so remake this image in the same style of Soul leveling but gave the character glowing blue eyes like Jin Wu and some scenes reference in the second photo they'll keep the same character design in the first footo but remove the sunglasses give the character the glowing eyes and have him looking down at the viewer but bam so this right here isn't too applicable to like ads or anything like that I just wanted to show you how specific it can get and I can't stress how crazy this is cuz um if if you look at stable diff Fusion the way you you generate ads is you have to go in and like type in I'm just showing you this this screen here to kind of show you how far it's come cuz it's mind-blowing but if we come right here the way we have to generate ads is by like putting in a prompt so if I'm like doing something like this I have to put in a photo of Becker cyberpunk background holding shotgun uh purple lighting okay and I can go right here and I can generate an image like this on my computer but this is how you have to you have to communicate with these things in the past and I'm just going to do an image to image generation right here and just generate a really quick one this is going to look terrible but you can see this this came out super bad right here cuz I haven't really set the settings but you can see how non-user friendly this is I would have to actually go and like adjust this right here generate it again and you can see we just we we really can't get down to the level of specifics that we can get in chat GPT with with ease so you can I really just want to stress to you just how good you have it at at this point in time with these images even if I'm just going over here to like text image I'm having to go and like communicate with it like this and you can see it really just you can see we got a pretty good image right here from it but you can see we really have to like communicate with differently and we can't get specific whereas I can just type in exactly what I want in chat gbt so this is like revolutionary crazy cool uh the fact that we can use this for ads day one is crazy so how we use this for actual ads let's actually get down to that start um or that type of process so of course really basic stuff we can do we can of course use it to create characters different images for ads and and whatnot but I want to kind of show you how I'm using it in particular so um let's go and look at this one right here so here's one where I went and I grabbed an image and you can see this image right here okay of course it's iock right here but the image we're ending up with is not the iock photo we're just using this as inspiration so what I want to show you right here first off is that you can go and create images simply by taking the photo and then drawing on it now I'm not actually using this image right here this is all just for Education what I just wanted to show how we can use this to instruct chat GPT so you can see I put like an image of a desk right here a guy walking in and so this is going to really kind of show the system how I want to make the ad so then I can go right here and put this right here okay so then what I can do is with this you want to see I want to I want to customize this image to maybe my Facebook ads so what I want to do is I wanted to convert this to a meme okay so you can see right here I have this and I'm slowly actually making this picture more relevant so you can see I told it to put like the Facebook ad ad manager and whatnot right here and kept evolving it now you can see I got really specific with this I was able to add lighting a person the ad manager crying or whatnot and then what I did is I just went and added some meme text on top of this to kind of complete this to create an image like this right here and so you can see I was able to very easily create a meme like image in seconds using chat gbt we can then upload to Facebook now if I want it I can go and actually just change everything about this to make this creative in multiple different ways so what I can do right here is I can come in I can say uh change the flames in this photo to green and keep everything else exactly the same so I can go get this photo put it in right here and in what chat gp2 will go and change the photo and the background everything to green and so you can see it's starting up now we'll check this result here in a few seconds so you can see the image has been created here and we can now use this to create endless amounts of variation of our creative for testing or just replace the the creative that is working with different colors and schemes every single day so we never have ad blindness that's pretty crazy now uh let me show you another example right here so I wanted to do one where I wanted to create this scene that we're looking at right here but in different styles so we can basically take the same exact ad and uh use it over and over again in different styles and themes so you can see this one right here I use it to create this image and so I just drew this out I decided to I said make a comic panel this is what's going on in the top panel I described a bunch of people engineer helmets and whatever and then I described these little bubbles right here and so you can see how well chat GPT can do text which is again incredible that's something you can't do in stable diffusion or anything on your computer so what I was thinking is like let's change this to different types of creative Styles so we can just pce this up and see what styles gting the most clicks so I said okay um shrink the image right here so it fits for Facebook ads but then change it to Studio gibl style okay and then I create different variations of this ad uh and minutes and so look I have like three different variations three different styles of these ads um all within about like 5 minutes of work so this is a way that you can easily use this to I think you can I think of all the possibilities here we can just create endless ads different styles different creatives different colors everything we want to do right here easily so I could come in here if I wanted to change this to like Pixar style I could say change this to Pixar style what you can see with this ad that I created right here look at look at all the variations of this ad I was able to create okay and so I just want to show you this one right here as the last example U make a three panel comic and Studio giblo style man is sitting in front of laptop panel two his wife is doing this this and you can even see how specific I can get so in this photo um and you can see just how specific we can get right here I can say all right I don't want this guy's face right here I want his wife's face right here and with a little bit of guidance for example I was able to draw a circle and say no replace this face right here don't add another face I was able to go and remove the face and put this right here so you can just see how specifically we can get with our flows and um creative we get with our ads you can see you can make anything so I want to talk a little bit about Ecom application right here what we're trying to do here with e-commerce ad say we want to make a really nice looking e-commerce ad or we want to make someone holding a bottle or arpr or anything we can just take a picture of something and throw it in here so if I wanted to I'm not making too many e-commerce ads right now but I think you probably get the gist of everything we want to do with this I can go and create my own bottle or design just by taking a picture of another ad and saying um create a beautiful wintry feeling ad with lotion in a Black Bottle similar to this image ad okay and then I could go right here and I could say put woman holding this bottle or I could literally just take a picture of some some product or my e-commerce product and then say make a picture of someone holding this product and displaying it for customers or something like that let's just literally do an example right here so we're going to go grab this image and I'm going to put say make a picture of a fat man in a gray shirt in front of a fire background holding this product clearly make the focus the product and put text at the top that says what a bad ad okay and so this just really to show you the potential of everything we can do as far as e-commerce goes and you can see just how specific we can get um with this now I'm going to make a slightly better looking ad right here since I was just showing you that but you can see in the original ad right here how nice we can make these ads look so this just gives you endless opportunities with uh e-commerce ads I can make this look really realistic and make it look like it's taken on an iPhone it it really doesn't matter and this right here like look at the detail of the text everything this is insane this is insane so obviously I think your your your juices should be buzzing if you run any type of e-commerce ads you see the massive amount of potential right here and I'm just going to go generate one more ad with this product right here so you can kind of see the potential I don't think I have to lay out to you what you can do with this going forward and it just if we want to make a better looking ad so make a very high quality ritzy elegant one to one dimension add displaying this product slightly burd and St I mean look at this this is this is incredible so the last thing I want to talk about before I get into any advanced tactics is I want to talk about ads particular if you're like an influencer or a personal brand because what chat GB fails at is this so for example if you come into this and I'm going to go let's go look at this monster hunter thumbnail I was making okay so look at these images right here I'm creating using the same exact flows that we've seen already so I said put myself in this image holding the sword in front of this monster right here so you can see chat gbt is actually really bad at faces this looks nothing like me so I want to show you a few Solutions I use to create these so if you're beginner one of the easiest ways to do this is you can just use a face swapping AI so if we come in here there's tons of AIS that you can use to just switch it out you can use face swap or AI whatever and these are just really super duper simple face swapping tools and all you do is you you put in a picture of your face and you can swap the faces over so this is where I would start if you're a beginner now these aren't particularly great for if you're making really serious influencer ads or whatever because the faces are just not going to match what you need they're not going to be the high quality you want um and so if we want to make really really good thumbnails I'm just going to give you a few little Advanced Techniques right here what you want to have is you want to use something like foul AI to go and train actually a picture of your yourself so what we can do is we can come in here come to this website and this is going to be more for advanced users you're just going to have to dig into this yourself I don't want to get into a whole entire lower training video or anything like that I just wanted to show you this so you can potentially just hire someone to do with this for you which is what I suggest and you just so you know this exist so you want to find someone to go to a site like fou AI or just train it locally on their computer and you can create what is called a Laura and so what luras are are basically files that allow you to save a character or design or style of image and so what I'm going to show you right here is how I created this image right here of myself and you can see that I'm able to generate pictures of myself not great what I want to do is come in and in paint these a little bit later on but what I do is I go and generate the picture originally inside of chat gbt so I generate the base images okay then I'm going to use either one of those face swapping tools I talked about just Google it experiment with different face swappers they're very cheap most of them are free or you want the hire our pace going to train you a model so I know all about training models and stuff like that so I just train my own model based on my face now you can see this is a really rough image because I drained the entire thing but what we're going to do is we're going to go and take this inside of stable diffusion AI on our computer and you can see then I can go and basically highlight over my face and you can see I'm accessing my model or my lore right here so I'm just going to inpaint my face right in here and then the result that is going to come out is I'm just going to show you this cuz it takes a few few minutes too long to generate while I'm filming on here but you can see the end result when we go and remove all the things right here is a face that looks a lot more like mine being generated inside the image and if I sat here and kind of like edited and and painted in I can get really really close to my face and this isn't even a specifically well-trained model so for if you're making ads for yourself your personal brand you're trying to put yourself in funny locations and stuff like that the flow you're going to use is generating the base image in chat GPT and then coming in and inating face using a fate swapping tool or just having a generation model made for you and so this what I showed you right here is not exactly a limited skill set not a lot of people know how to do this but it's not something you could pay someone 50 bucks to go put your face into it or hire someone to just quickly do this for you or generate a model you could also go and just look at how to use stable diffusion on your computer if you're not a technical person it's going to be a little bit challenging so I just wanted to show you that this exists so you know with the higher at least the faces and getting faces inside of images is the one thing chat gbt does very very poorly and every other image generation tool online does very very poorly so I think probably give it another couple months and that's going to be finished but that's how you handle that from now now the next thing I want to show you is how to use consistent characters for your ads so what we can do is for example I went and create this character for my ads all I did is I took a picture of Dwight from the office and then I used that I said create a character in a scene like this whose fat glasses up and I basically just made made a fat Dwight Okay so what you can also do is you can then go and give chat GPT a base image so I created this character and I said create a character sheet of this character right here okay so now I can do something like put this character sitting at a bar facing the camera using the same style drawing technique okay and so what I want to do is if I want to make ads and I have like a mascot or something like that I can quickly go and just create this character uh and place it quickly in ads over and over again so I can have like mascots or whatever so you can see like for example with hyros I wanted to create a a hyos character kind of similar to raster and Rivals and I'm not using this right here I'm not stealing raster okay love Rivals someone's going to watch it be like how dare you but you can see I can create like a gray version of them instantly or I can take images that artists create for me and use it to create tons of different images of that character okay so it can get very specific you can see how closely was able to replicate raster in different images and stuff like that so want to laid it out cuz creating consistent characters for your ads is something obviously people are going to want to do so let's see how this ad came out with him in a bar okay so you can see right here we have our consistent character now sitting at a bar and so what I can do is you can do all sorts of really neat stuff with this you could actually go and have chat GPT design the background and then say inject this character and you can create all sorts of angles and whatnot using this so I'm sure this probably gets your mind spinning right here the final little tip I'm going to give you is if you're not using drawn characters which that's where it starts to get really hairy because the specifics on a drawing character very small so cat GPT can get those right if we start making realistic images the body shape and everything starts kind of twisting so for example if you see with the monster hunter example I gave you you can see the body of the character keeps changing as I consistently start making the ads so every single time I say make a new ad it kind of like changes the character design just slightly every single time so this is kind of a pain in the butt especially when we get to like real faces where people notice the subtleties in faces so little I'm going to give you just for creation right here is if you're having trouble with this find a celebrity that has the same body type as yours if you don't want to go train models and whatnot find a celebrity has the same body type as yours consistently and so for example if you have a body similar like Robie D Jun chat GPD knows what he looks like then you generate images with him in the image and then you go change the face to yours or or whatever your your character is okay so outside of chat GPT using a face swapping tool or that stable diffusion technique I should you so that's just a little hack right there now the final thing I'm going to show you is just how we use this for Mass ad creation so obviously think of all the things we can do here we can obviously go and generate countless pictures of ourselves tons of different creative change the style change the colors change everything how do we test this with ads so in the next video I have coming up here I'm going to show you how we test all these ads all at once but just to kind of give you an idea of how to get started what I do is I just go and create an ad set for each batch of ads every single day if I'm doing this so for example like the the money burning ads you can see I just uploaded them all right here and then I can easily go in and I can see which ones are getting the most Impressions so this ad right here in this style gets the best Impressions I'm going to then graduate this to my major ad sets but as you can see I then also go and see which ones are getting the lowest cost per call so you can see like this one right here had a bunch of major winners in it and I'm getting $100 calls by the way just an FYI you should be using hyros to track these results because again Facebook is just missing so much of our tracking right here Google's going to miss so much of your tracking this is giving me the accurate data I need to see which ads are actually winners right here for these specific test so I can see this one's just a major winner and I wouldn't have been able to see that if I was using standard tracking so please after this video as well if you want to use this to its Max degree you should be tracking with hyros it's going to make you so much more money from your ads everybody uses it we guarantee you're going to see increase in your ad ey by 15% just by using this basic data right here don't even get into how we can actually train your AI to Target better on Facebook which you should do with hyros as well makes it even cheaper but you're just you're not going to be running your ads even near their maximum efficiency you're going to be paying more for a customer you're going to be turning off ads that are profitable um leaving on ads that are unprofitable just a whole mess with your ads if you're not using hyros tracking so come use hyros tracking we guarantee you'll see an increase in AD or you don't pay for it like actually literally and we have thousands and thousands and thousands of customers so that obviously works you can go look at our trust PL reviews and everything all the famous people that use it hos is absolutely awesome you should come check it out I'm very proud of it so that is a really basic tutorial on all the ways you can be using chat GPT for your advertising particularly with images now don't even get me started with what we can do with generating consistent characters backgrounds and in making animations and videos for our images it's a little bit more tedious than this but that's nothing that someone on your team if you train them to do it could not handle as their day-to-day job you could have three or four different animations going up every single day that look great which we're going to talk about in future videos next video we have coming up I'm actually going to break down how I'm testing and putting these all on Facebook and using this I'm sure if you're experienced ad run it's not going to be some crazy mystery but with this much creative being Unleashed we have to actually start running ads in a different way because before you'd have to submit to a cartoonist you get your ads back a week later and you maybe have four or five different ads a week now you can have 200 different creative ads every single week so how are we going to test this how are we going to grow this how are we going to use this to uh make a lot more sales for our business so that's the video for today this is crazy stuff hopefully it kind of engages your mind and gets you thinking about the ways you can use this because honestly there's an endless amount some creative ways to use this and those are some of the best tactics that I found to get what I want in a chat GP and then kind of push it around to alter the images how I want so I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain How Facebook "Story Ads" Net Me $24k A Day
VIDEO ID: 9mkDmdjMS9o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mkDmdjMS9o
================================================================================

This manipulative process I'm going to show you right here gets people to view your ads and do what you want, which is really the goal of an ad. If you're running ads where you don't want people to view them, and you absolutely don't want them to do what you want, this is not the video for you. Just off. Go and watch some Tik Tok reaction video, I can't help you. But if that the the thing I mentioned previously, manipulating people on the internet very effectively to give you money is what you're seeking. Woo! this video. Woo! This is going to get you going because I'm going to give you a process for ads or really any content, but specifically for ads shrinking on this that gets people to not only watch your ad, but follow all the way through and then desperately need to click and then buy or do whatever the heck you want them to do on the opposite side of that ad. It's because the way that humans understand and want to do anything is through loops. And in this instance, story loops. They have to see the premise, the trailer for what they want in a very specific way that not only hooks them at the start, but then makes them say, "I want to see more at the end of it." And this is by using stories in our ads in a very specific templated way, which is great for you because this isn't going to require you to think. You could just copy what I'm doing right here. This for me has worked and built me multiple eight figureure businesses. It's built me a nine-figure business. And across billions of dollars worth of ad spend, which I see because I'm the CEO of Hyros, one of the largest tracking companies in the world, I consistently see story type ads, or at least ads that encompass this story-like mentality that I'm going to show you in this video, do exceptionally well. They have very high clicks. They have very high engagement. And a lot of times, if the offer on the other side of them doesn't suck ass, it sells a lot of that offer, too, because all the real work to selling that offer is done in the original ad. So, what I want to do in this video is I want to show you how this works without any course or mastermind to pitch you. It's all laid out here. There's no secret tip you have to pay me $59.99 for. And the reason for that is because I want you to go make so much more money with the content on this channel from your ads that you eventually think, "Wow, I'm making a lot of money. I'd like to make more money. Maybe I should track my ads and not run them like a drunken baboon and use Hyros," which literally everybody does. Maybe you already use it or you don't. And if you don't, well, everybody's using it. What are you doing, dork? You track your ads. It's important to see where your sales are coming from so you can get more of them and optimize your ads. I know it's a foreign thing, but please, once you make more money from this video, use it. So, that being said, let me show you what I like to call this storybook method to get people to not only watch your ads, but do what you want in your ads and then be hooked the entire way through. So, let's get into it. So, as always, the best way to explain this is with our very lowquality drawing board app presentation. I know you guys come here for the dog content. We're gonna keep it chef's kiss coming to you just the low quality content you've come to expect. So look, in order to get people to do stuff, you have to get their attention and you have to really you you have to make them want to complete an action. And the best way to make people to complete an action is to realize where you can remove holes in communication that pique their interest and make them want to keep the communication going. So the perfect way to really put this an example for you is when you watch a movie or a television show that's particularly gripping. The reason why you're watching it and the reason why you stop watching it when the show is complete or the story is complete is because the human brain has very specific needs to complete stories or complete loops. And what a story really is is a bloop that is done in such a way that you have to keep filling in the next blank, the next blank and the next blank. If you ever watch Harry Potter or any movie that you love, let's say Lord of the Rings, uh Frodo gets this ring and now it's going to cause all sorts of hell on earth if it's not thrown in Mount Mortar. What happens next? You can see there's a loop that has to be completed right there. And so the way people get moved through stories or movies or any good gripping content is there's this unfulfilled loop that they must always complete and the loop doesn't let them go until the end of it. It's not even really about the story. It's about the quality of the loop. On top of that, the most powerful human emotion there is is FOMO or fear of being left out or fear of not doing the most cutting edge thing or not knowing something that everybody else knows. If we can combine these two things together, we really can get people um interested in whatever the heck we're doing, even if it's not uh remotely unique or even one of their their interests. You can hook people that aren't even interested in like, I don't know, women's makeup into this process just by using this type of story loop right here. So, I'm going to walk you through this right here. Now, an example of these ads and me walking through scripts like this is linked below this video. And no, it's not a course or some mastermind. It's just another video on this YouTube channel. I just don't want this this video to be 30 minutes. So I'm going to explain the mythology and psychology and hysterology and things that end withology in this video and then you can go watch the script and everything broken down yourself after this video is done. So let's start from the very beginning right here and what's most important. So what we want to really focus on throughout this entire process I'm going to lay out to you is we want it to remain vague and complete and we never want to answer the story especially in the ad. What people do in ads, I'm just going to move up the video right here because we don't need to draw, is what people do in ads, it's a big mistake, is they try and explain everything they're doing and and get the whole entire story laid out there and make the person understand how it works. So, for example, at Hyros, we sell AI tracking and optimization that when you plug it in, it's going to make your ads much more profitable. I don't want I don't care if people understand how it work, particularly in the ad. I don't even care if they understand how we do it. If you look at a lot of our ads and hire us, which you can click at below this video, um there's all sorts of ads I've ran throughout my career when it comes to e-commerce or info marketing or whatever. I don't care if the person even understands how we're doing. I don't even care if the person understands that tracking. My goal with an ad is to get someone to click and want to learn more. I have to get them off of Facebook. I have to get them off of Instagram. I have to get them off of YouTube where there's Taylor Swift videos and cat videos and Only Fans girls shaking their ass every other scroll down. I have to get them away from that. They're not going to do anything I want when that type of is going on. I have to get them on my site and wanting to learn more. And then when they get to the the site, again, we don't want to complete the loop there either, but that's a whole other different game that is also explained below this video. It's what you should put on pages to get people to convert after. Everything's on this channel. You should never leave. But what I'm trying to do in an ad is we have to remember that we're trying to get the person to click and come for more information. We're not trying to explain to them anything. We don't want them to understand anything. So, you're like, "Hey, do you want to see uh Lord of the Rings? Here's every single thing that happens in the movie." No, we don't want to do that. We just want to show them the opening scene where like Froto puts the ring on and disappear. I don't I don't know. I'm not explaining. We want to show them the opening scene where Harry's getting a flood of letters from the wizardry school and you're like, "What the is going to happen next here? Why is there some fat giant man kicking down his door?" You want to see what's going on here. You don't want to be like, he gets invited to a wizardry store and then kills Voldemort. Spoiler alert, Harry Potter beats Voldemort in the first book if you didn't know. If you're under the age of 10 and you've never read that book, I'm I've just ruined it for you. But you don't want to tell them what happens. You want to get them to that point. So, how do we do that with our ads? So, the first thing we're going to do right here with our ads is we're going to start with a story slashbenefit. Now, what do I mean by that? There's two ways you can do this. You can tell the story of someone else getting a result or you can simply call out the person and talk about how you're getting a result using something they've never heard of before in both instances right here. So, if you go and look at the ads below, one of them you're going to see is where I'm selling people an infoarketing course. Um, and I talk about the results that person A got using this weird Walmart hacky method. Okay? And so, the reason why I say Walmart hacky method is because I don't want people to understand what I'm saying. I want them to think it you you want it to translate to how this person got this result doing something you've never heard of before but should know about. So what I like to use is I like to use similar type of wording like Walmart which is very real which people relate to but then also make it seem like something they don't understand or they never heard about before. So using this Walmart espionage method or something like that. So, it's something they understand and something they don't understand to relate to something that they feel they could grasp, but they don't actually understand what it is, which makes them want to hear how they got the result. Two, you can just literally call it out. Are you a person that runs ads and wants to see 15% more? Okay. Um, from this, I'm going to show you how we did this with this thing that you've never heard of and are not doing because you're kind of stupid. That's that's not what we're I'm trying to convey in ads. But what I'm trying to make the person do is feel a little bit insecure. Because if you ever look at like media buyers for example, if you're a media buyer watching this, which is the audience for this channel, I'm going to tell you something about yourself, you get a little bit insecure constantly because there's always people that are upping the ante when it comes to running ads. And so you're constantly thinking, oh, what's this this thing I'm missing out on? What's this ads I'm missing out on? What's this one thing I'm not doing in the ad platform manager that I'm missing out on? If you look at all the best media ad buying content internet, it's always like this one thing you're not doing that everybody else is. That's what we want to get going. And so we we do this by entering the story like this. So if you see the ads for hires, it's going to be you know this one thing um is increasing ads by 15%. It's AI print tracking. Now what we want to do is again connect it to something that they believe that they don't already know. So if you look at the ads for Hyros for example, I I connect it to AI print tracking. Now what is AI print tracking optimization? I don't actually know. I made up the word like four years ago. It's just a fancy word for um I don't I don't actually even know what it means. At Tyrros, we do a lot of top tier tracking and a lot of things that other people don't do that allow us to track ads and optimize them with AI. But to sum up all the cool fancy stuff we do, I just made up a big broad term that nobody understands. Why? Because when we start the story of how this person got a result or how you can get results, we want to connect it to something that they don't understand. Why? Because when they don't understand it, then they think that they're missing out on something. And so this whole entire story loop just opened up that leaves them feeling insecure or missing out and that there's this piece of information that they don't understand that they need to complete. So we connect it to this vague slightly relatable thing AI print tracking. Now what's what's how does the AI work? All right. What is print tracking? How does isn't tracking connecting an attribute? How does how does how is this different than other tracking? All these questions pop up. And that's really what we want to do. We want to connect the result to a bunch of terms or terminology or story that creates tons of questions. It doesn't answer anything and we just want to keep building on these questions. Now, what people really care about this is this result and then figuring out the mystery of the result. So, the number one thing we don't want to give them when we're running ads is this because this is what's going to hook them around. We don't want to we don't want them to understand how the result is and we don't even want them to understand what we're doing. We want them to feel almost more confused and needing to click at the end of the ad. So, what we're then going to do is we're going to follow this exact pattern right here. All right. So, we already have them hooked with the storybook opener right here. What we then want to do in this instance is connect it to a big bet that works or a big bet slash sign of strength. So, when I was doing infoarketing ads, for example, um it was like the story of how this person made this much money doing the weird Amazon espionage thing. And to prove how consistently it works, we're going to do this live in front of you uh during a full call and get to $200 a day with this store. So, what is this? This is like a feat of strength. This is if I'm saying like, look, I have this this creatine powder that increases strength 150%. And what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to give it to a ton of people live in this video right here on the other side of this ad. And we're going to track their before and after results within one day of each other. And you're going to see the huge gains across 20 different people. This is some big giant feet of strength bet. This creates like this, hey, this result right here that you don't understand is incredible. And we're going to do something crazy to prove that it works. Okay. What I do at Hyros right here is I make the big AI tracking, the big announcement or whatever of how it improves people's ads, which it does across 4,000 plus businesses, pretty much every big name on the internet. When people sign up for Hyros and use it, they see 15 to 20% increases in their ads. Because if you don't track your ads and you don't use that data to optimize your ads, you're going to get worse results. I don't see how people expect to run their ad accounts accurately when you're only seeing 60% of your sales and none of your long-term revenue coming in. I mean, look at my ads just right here for Hyros. Facebook is tracking like 60% of the calls that we're doing. If I was running my ads off Facebook data, I would not have a business. I would not be able to run my ads because I don't know which ads are profitable and which ones are killing it. And the way you grow ads and the way you make more money is you find the ads that are killing it and you scale them and you can't see what ads are killing it if you don't track it. I'm not going to get into that anymore. I think you guys all know what it does. That's my slight hybrid show for the video. Let's get back to the actual content. But what I'm going to do in those ads is I'm going to say, "Look, if you or the way you know that this works is that if this does not deliver the result that it's looking for, aka you don't see this result right here, you don't pay for it." And this has worked across 4,000 plus businesses. So, you know that if this didn't work, we wouldn't have a business model right here. What I'm doing right here is I'm making a big bet or a fit of a feat of strength. Okay. So, the final way to really explain this is like there's this really famous golf ad where this guy says, "I'm going to hit this ball 400 yards, and I'll I'll prove it to you right now." And then he hits it 400 yards. You want to set up some type of story where if people click, the worst thing about that ad I just brought up is that he solves the whole entire story in the ad itself. You want to say, "Hey, if you come click this video right here, you come click this, I'm going to hit this ball 400 yards 10 times in a row right in front of you." because we want to get them isolated before we actually start hitting them hard. That's just one thing that's throwing in right there. But we want to make some big bet of strength or feet of strength or some big bet to lure them in because they want to see if this bet actually pays off. All right, so that's the next thing we want to do in our ads. Then what the person is looking for in this ad right now is for you to explain how it works. We're not going to do that at all. What we're going to do is we're actually going to qualify it. So, what I'll do at info businesses is I'll collect all of our results and testimonials and say, "Look, you're going to have to click this ad to see what I just talked about on the other side, but here's the endless amount of testimonials and results of people that have gotten results." And then you show tons and tons of results. What I'm going to do at Hyros is I'm going to show all the famous customers that we have and all the big brands and all large businesses that we have. than than all the thousands and thousands of other testimonials that we have to say, "Look, I don't have time to explain this in this video, but here's absolute undeniable proof that this works." And then what we're going to do in the ad is we're going to tell them what to do next and a reason to do it now. So, when we're doing this, we want to tell the person what to do next. Obviously, a lot of people just don't tell people to click the ad or don't tell people to move forward and don't tell them what to do on the next page. What we want to do is we want to tell them that they need to move now and set this up. So, there's m multiple different ways we can do this. If you're using an info business or an ecom business, using specials, discounts, some type of lower to get people to click the ad is absolute bangers. And I think you should use that especially when you're retargeting because then you can really if they sell the first offer and you offer them a special offer, they're much more likely to jump into that special offer. If you show people the special discounted offer right away, it's not special. So, you can use all sorts of things like that. At our info business, we use like, for example, this presentation is limited or, you know, we're only doing a few of these a week kind of thing. Now, of course, with infoarketing, that's a little bit tongue-in-cheek where you're always doing some special discount or some special weekly thing, but it just gives people a reason to click. Now, okay, at Hyros, what I like to do is I like to just basically point out every single day you're not doing this, you're losing money and not able to move forward with this. This is not as strong as a discount or a scarcity based reason or some time or or something exclusively they're going to get or miss out on. However, having some reason for them to click now is just what you want to finish up the ad with. And what we want to focus on right here is we created this story at the very start of the ad. We we started Lord of the Rings and then we literally didn't tell them anything about what happens next. And they still want to know the answer to this damn story. But now what they also know throughout this is that the story is very good. I introduced that I the idea of AI print tracking to them and they want to know what it is and all I've done is just verified that it absolutely rocks with the info marketing or e-commerce story that I talked about before how this person right here went and was able to get a house with how much money they made from this certain thing. All I did after that is I didn't ever tell them how the story ends. I just simply verified that the story is 100% real and delivers the result and all that stuff they're looking for. So, aka this movie is really good. And so, that's what we want to be doing in our ads. You never want to just answer the loop or or even halfway complete the loop when you're creating an ad. What you want to do is you want to get them hooked and very interested in the story and then verify that the story delivers the juice that they're looking for. Then once you get them to the page itself, there's a whole other game to be played when it comes to bombing them with results and making the story work with this ad and completing it. Which is why as soon as you finish this video, you should watch one of the videos below that breaks down the scripts for these ad. You It's literally word for word what you should be writing into it. On top of that, I break down the pages, how I sell from the pages, everything that works. This stuff absolutely drives massive amounts of clicks from Facebook, YouTube ads. And as the years have progressed, I have not been able to find a format that ad or a format of ad that works better than this. So go watch those videos. That's the video for today. You have more content to watch, so I'm just going to let you click below and see those. I'll see you in the next video this

================================================================================
TITLE: $5000+ A Day From TINY CHEAP $9 Facebook Ads (Full Guide For Cheap MFers)
VIDEO ID: 8M-gcYJhImM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8M-gcYJhImM
================================================================================

All right, you are here because you want to put a$150 cents into Facebook and make a $100 back. That's totally reasonable. Don't let me stop you from dreaming right here. Look, this channel is dedicated to internet sleeves balls like you. So, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show you a bunch of simple tactics I've used on Facebook ads that allow me to put in very low amounts of money and make huge returns. In fact, I built a business past over $10 million per year investing relatively small amounts in Facebook ads. In fact, what I'm going to show you right here allowed me to go from businesses that spent $10 to $20 million a year in ads, literally, and only made like a 2x ROI to businesses that spent, I don't know, a couple hundred,000 a year in ads and made 15, 20x just just crazy ROIs from it. In fact, it was just shocking how much money we made from our ads just by making these simple changes in our businesses and how we look at them. And you should listen to me on this because a I don't have any course or any product to sell you right here. I'm just going to tell you everything I know about ads. And what I know about ads is the fact that I built multiple eight figureure businesses purely fueled by ads and actually built a nine figure business. Again, kickstarted and grown via ads. On top of that, I'm also the CEO of one of the largest tracking companies in the world right now, Hyros, which allows me to see what's working across billions of dollars of ad spend. So, what I'm going to tell you right here, this is the source of the stream knowledge. This is coming straight from the source, straight from the cow. That's the type of cheese that you're getting here. So, without further ado, let me show you these tacticum changes that we use to uh get these results. All right, so let's begin. These five tips right here. You just apply these, you're going to see so much more money from ads from such low spends. In fact, you can build entire businesses around them if you want. Seven figure businesses. I've done this before with these tiny little tactics. So, just just use them. So, I'm going to give you the pinnacle of cheap bozo make tons of money from your ads with no investment upfront tactic ever. This is the most important thing. And in fact, I'm doing this to you right now. I used this originally to start hiring and grow it to very high levels and businesses I've shown this to that do this and apply this fully. A lot of them don't even run large scale ads. They just do this and some of them make up to eight figures a year just doing this simple little tactic. So look, number one priority if you don't want to spend money on ads or you're just starting up your business and want to go in kind of low is you need to go and simply make content on the internet and then remarket people that come from that content. This sounds super duper simple. No one does this. It's insane. Let me just show you an example of what we're doing right here. So, for example, you're watching this channel right now. I obviously want you to buy Hyros. And the way I'm doing that is by helping you with tons of content. We'll make more revenue from your ads so that you eventually decide to track them. Okay? There's no secret to that. But let me kind of show you how this channel with not many views. For example, if you go look at like my crypto channel for example, we get tons of views right there. I slayed. I'm the number one crypto advice guy on the internet. But we're not here to really talk about making a channel like that. When a lot of people talk about YouTube, they're thinking, "Oh, I got to go get millions of subscribers and stuff like that." No, not at all. Okay, so for example, like my channel right here, I was talking to an ad run the other day. Um, Sam Polo, he uses this channel right here. You can see he only has 12K subscribers. And I know that they do very, very well from their channel. And there's a ton of other channels that I'm referencing that are a lot like channels like this where they're only 10, 12, 30k, 50K subscribers. Uh, I was looking at some content from Hormosi the other day and he was talking about a very very small Instagram that was making tons like millions and millions of dollars off of like 12,000 followers or something like that. This is what we're trying to focus on right here and this is probably one of the best ways to run a type of business period because it's just so damn profitable, especially if you're a beginner and don't want to go on high investment. Now, how is this working? There's a few simple things we're doing right here. Okay. So, if we go look at this video, not that video, you see my video right here that we're able to view. Obviously, voila. You you you're looking at a video right now. I'm sure you know how YouTube works. But what is going to happen after this video is a few things. So, let's imagine this is the the content right here. First off, you're going to get added to a Google remarketing list. So, this is why I love making YouTube videos because you're automatically added to a remarketing list. And if you're watching this video, you're already interested in running ads. It is going to be so damn profitable for me to run any type of product selling ad content training optimization to you after this. It's building the best remarketing list on planet earth. Okay, so we can do that. On top of that, from your videos, you can always link to other websites. Now, I don't really do that in these videos, but you can always talk about your website or your product website uh and send people to that at the end of the video or for the capture leads or whatever. People that come from your videos or your content to these pages again make an insanely good remarketing list. So remarket people that watch those videos. This also applies then to content from everywhere. So let's imagine we're making content on YouTube, Twitter, and Instagram. Okay. Not only is all this content of course allow you to be remarketed, you could remarket the people that follow you on Twitter. You can remarket the people that follow you on Instagram, on YouTube, but you can also remarket the people that watch your videos on these platforms, even if they follow you or not. You can also remarket to people that come to your website from these platforms. And what I suggest you do with these when you're linking from them, don't just link people directly to your website. Link people directly to your pages for for example, I can make like hyros.com/youtube and you go there to get a special deal. So that gets you your most engaged people. Now, what do you do with these audiences from this? Very simple. You put them on remarketing lists on Facebook, YouTube or whatever and then you sell them. That's it. You can run and build a seven or eight figure business just with this tactic alone. For example, on some of my videos right here, let's say we get like 20,000 views. Okay? If I get a 100 people to buy Pyros, I have these 20,000 people right here with our average value per subscriber on there being $500 per month. I made about $600,000 from just the people watching this video right here. Now, that video is a little bit bumped up there. Again, this would be again factoring all the reoccurring per year and everything that comes in it, but you can see how simple it would be for me to get a nice retargeting list of 20,000 people. And if I do a really good job on this video right here, just getting a 100 people of that 20,000 to buy or become customers over the span of a year. Really isn't that damn challenging. And that's all just from this. And I can literally spend, I don't know, 50 bucks a day remarketing this entire list right here. This is how damn profitable that method is. Everyone should be using this as their base method for running advertising online. On top of all these little bonus tip, track your ads. Look, you guys know I own high-risisk. You think, "Oh, he's just trying to get us to buy his product." Yes, I am. Because it will make you a lot more money or you don't pay for it. There's literally a guarantee at highrisis if you don't see an increase in your ad ROI. You don't pay for it because of this. Look, you need to track your ads because if you look at some campaigns I have right here, for example, I caught 61 calls right here. Facebook told me I got 31, 19, 12. A lot of these campaigns I'm looking at right here are tracking half the amount of calls coming in. If you look right here that Harris is catching, I don't see how you expect to run ads profitably or maximize it if you can't see where your sales are coming from. Because if you can't see where all your sales are coming from and which ads are the most profitable, you can't optimize and scale the ads that are most profitable, thus making you the most profit off the littlest amount of ad spend. So, if you want to really maximize your ads on top of all these tactics I'm saying right here, track your ads so you can actually see where all the revenue is coming in from all the calls and not just the upfront revenues coming in, but the long-term revenue that's coming in as well so you can attribute back to your ads and maximize the amount of profit they make. It's not that crazy. You should use it. So, just a very basic tip, actually track your business like a a smart person and don't run it like a drunken baboon. It's kind of a broad swipe with a brush statement, but you should do that. Now, let me give you the next best method right here. And this is in fact how I grew Hyru very successfully when a lot of other SAS companies similar to our our company didn't do so well because they didn't understand this. So, when you're running ads anywhere online, what you want to try and do is get people to buy as much upfront as possible using calls if you can. Now, it doesn't always have to be calls. It can be a webinar if you're doing like an e-commerce product or something like that or it can be a long form sales video. I think calls are the best. Webinars are second and then long form sales videos. I I don't know. I think it's kind of difficult to get people to buy expensive things without really um completely sexually harassing them with a sales pitch, which can be done in calls or a webinar. So, why does this work so damn well? I'm going to give you a simple situation right here. I'm going to bump up the screen so you know that I'm super duper serious. So, one of the reasons why Hyros was really successful early on that you should apply to your business, whether you're selling e-commerce products, software, B2B, infoarketing, I don't know, some get-richqu online, all you all you scuzzbags out there, I know you're watching this, too. Is the reason why that hyros did well originally is because a lot of other SAS companies were selling stuff for like $99 a month and you'd sign up for a free trial or something like that. That's so damn hard to make a profitable business off of because you're not making I'm not making maximum amount of money from each customer that you get. Let me explain. So, let's imagine I'm running an ad where I'm going to spend $1,000, okay? And then my my product is $100 per month and I have a 3% conversion rate. All right? And if I'm spending, let's say $5 per click, I'm going to get 200 clicks. So, off of this, what I'm going to get is about uh six conversions at $100. Now, these are really like rough numbers. I'm going make $600 back per month. And if this is recurring, this is actually awesome. These are actually inflated numbers. If you're running SAS or something like this, but if we go right here, okay, for example, and then we cut this conversion rate down to 1.5%. We cut it in half. Okay, so imagine that. But instead of selling that $100 upfront for the product, we get people on a phone call and we sell them it a year up front. And so this is what we did with Hyru that made it really successful in the beginning. So if we do this right here and we have half that conversion rate right there and we have 200 clicks, we're going to get three sales at $1,200. Okay? So that's going to put us at $3,600 back immediately on that $1,000 in ad spend. This is night and day difference than what we were doing before. And what a lot of people do is they try to sell their lower-end products or their reoccurring products or products at not high enough price point. The thing is, when you run ads, the same people that buy at $100 will often buy at a year upfront or a much larger package of some sort, if you get them on a phone call or you get them on a long enough webinar pitch. And so really, the key to running super profitable ads is you try and collect as much money up front, even if it kills the conversion rate a little bit, because when you're just starting your business, you need that cash flow in. The reason why Hires was very successful up front when a lot of other businesses failed is we collected massive amounts of profit on our ads that allowed us to keep investing in our development and the product itself. A lot of other companies were trying to do that $100 method and then because of that they had to take massive losses in order to grow their company from ads. This is a much better way to do it if you want to make more money from your ads, especially on a low budget. Next, while we're on the topic of reoccurring, the easiest thing you can do with your ads to make more money from them is you need to add some type of reoccurring to your offer. period. Okay. So, for example, I I think we all understand this. If you have a $40 product and you manage to put in a $10 supplement subscription or anything like that, you just increase the value of this $40 sale and people are very e it's very easy to get them on like $10, $20 subscriptions to $120 a year. Okay? And what this allows you to do is build a business where you have income coming in no matter what. You need to have money coming in from sales once you get them. Period. I I can't give you any better tip for your business than find some way to make your offer reoccurring. If you're selling an e-commerce product, find some type of reoccurring subscription you can add into there. Heck, make the main product a reoccurring subscription on its own at a discount. This is so damn important because when you get people buying two, three, four times, it's more than that they buy one time. It's such a common sense statement, but very few people do this. Every single business you run should have some type of reoccurring offer, whether it's in the front end or the back end, to get people on this. And this is how you're going to maximize your business from low ad spends because every single month, if let's say you add $3,000 in subscribers or reoccurring income, that's not that much. But if you do that every single month for an entire year with like, I don't know, a 5% churn, imagine if your product doesn't suck or something like that, you're making 20 30,000 a month reoccurring from the same lower budget ad spend. That's why reoccurring is so important because if we're not doing reoccurring, we're basically have to remake that again every single month. If we are doing reoccurring, that $1,000 in ad spend that generated this doesn't have to go up and we can keep spending that low amount of ad spend until we have enough reoccurring income coming in that allows us to then kind of up this a little bit more or more comfortably. This is so incredibly important to running businesses from ads. Businesses that don't have reoccurring income coming in. It becomes extremely hard to grow the business off of just upfront sales from ads. Finally, if you want to maximize your ads as much as possible, find a way to work scarcity in immediately. Now, you don't always want to do this at scale, okay? But if you can work scarcity in realistically from your ads or in the remarketing of those ads. So, for example, if a person comes to my page selling socks, what I'm immediately going to do with the remarketing ads is offer them a 5% discount or coupon if they come back and buy in the next couple hours. We actually have AI at Hyris now that does this for Hyris, but other companies as well. It's built into the proc that comes through and passively does this. So, a person comes to a page, the AI automatically starts messaging them custom emails, offering them scarcity right away. If you can use it in the original ad, great. But it's kind of hard to sometimes do this. One thing you can actually do is say, "Hey, you came to the website. I want you to come back and get this immediately and offer them some type of discount, some reason to act now." The reason why a lot of people don't buy from ads simply comes down to there's no reason to act now. It can be the smallest reason on planet Earth. look at your ads and say, "Is there some scarcity, particularly in your remarketing ads?" It's the easiest way to take your dollar in ad spend that gives you $2 back and make it $3 back. But make sure it's realistic scarcity. If you're doing just a general like, "Hey, you better act now or this offer will be gone forever." That doesn't work and it just it doesn't build trust with your customers. Using these tiny little effective marketing scarcity tactics, whatever it is, so damn important to increasing the value of your ads. And then last things last, it ties into this. When a person comes to your website, don't just remarket them. Remarket exactly what they viewed. So when a person comes to any of our e-commerce websites or Hyros in particular, we don't just remarket them based on them coming to the website. We market them based on what they looked at in particular. So, for example, if you come to Hyros and you land on an ecom page and then you go from the ecom page to our call page, what we're going to do is we're going to say or send you an email if we have your contact information and text message and also run ads to you focused around e-commerce and the fact that you didn't book a call. Okay, this is super minute retargeting. And this is exactly what you want to do if you want to make maximum return on your ads while spending as little as possible. It takes like 50 cents to remarket this person right here. But if we go right here and we have the person come to the site and then we just remarket them like, "Hey, you came to Hyru. Come back and check it out." Not going to work. If we remarket them saying, "Hey, we noticed you checked out an e-commerce page and didn't book a call, but we're on the fence. Why don't you come back and book a call right now? And if you do so in the next hour, next two hours, we'll give you a 5% discount if you choose to buy." This gets people to take action right there. This is the front-loaded specific information, specific remarketing that is going to get people to take action and give you maximum profit for the tiniest amount of ad spend that you spend. And while this isn't important, if you're spending $100,000 a day in ad spend and you're kind of broad and shotgunning and building some big business, if you're a business that needs to make money cash upfront, these are the things you need to be doing immediately now, not optional, to make the most return on your ads to put you in as much profit as possible. These methods right here are the best things you can possibly do. That's all I got. If you want to see the actual ads, the scripts, the targeting, it's all on this channel as well. There is nothing held back. Browse around. There'll be some videos at the end of this video that show you how it's done. And for the love of gravy, once you get some level of competence on the things I teach on this channel, track your ads with Hyros because you can see where your actual sales are coming from and optimize for it. I can't stress how blind you are if you're not running ads with proper tracking, which you should use with Hyros. And you can also use all those AI tactics that I talked about as well. So, I'll see you in the next video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain A TINY "Nude" Site Making Me $12,000 A Day Via Ads
VIDEO ID: 9Fz9oErba4A
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Fz9oErba4A
================================================================================

hello internet marketing skis ball I want you to picture something sexy imagine a one-page website absolutely dog content almost nothing on it and all you have to do to print millions and millions of dollars is just send people from ads to this website it sounds unimaginable but extremely wet and moist doesn't it and I hear you thinking to yourself no Alex unfortunately I have to actually put effort into my business there's no way I could just do low effort piece of sh no effort work empty scuzzy little websites and print money if I would I could I am a piece of sh but unfortunately the internet keeps making me work for my money well hold up back up what I'm going to show you in this video is a onepage ugly as website embarrassing has almost no content on it whatsoever that I ran for almost a decade and it printed tens of millions of dollars for me an absolute joke and when I talked about low efforts SC well I was able as a 20-year-old who was just getting wasted and drunk and hitting on women all the time to build a multi- multi-million business just off of this simple website and running ads to it and in this video I'm going to show you the website I'm going to break down how it works the entire marketing business strategy behind I'm even going to explain the ads to you a little bit but there's tons of content all over this channel explaining all my best ads so we're really going to focus on this with the context of running ads to this now how do you know this works before we get started how do you know this investment of five minutes in your life is actually going to give you an Roi well I have some really good credentials first off I was the drunkest 20-year-old in existence to make millions of dollars while running ads to single page websites I've already told you about that achievement but I've also used the strategies you're going to see in this channel to build many eight fig businesses a nine fig business and on top of that I'm the CEO of the world's largest or one of the world's largest ad tracking companies that gives me basically insights on what's working across all advertising across billions of dollars in ad spend so in short I've made a ton of money and I get to see how other people are making a ton of money so if you're looking for a source of information on how to make a ton of money with ads you should listen the up cuz what I'm about to show you right here absolutely prints money so let's get into it so what I want to do is I want to show you these Pages now these pages right here do not exist in a vacuum what I'm going to show you in this video is the pages and how does business work that generate a ton of money so that you understand how this relates in terms of ads now if you're looking for the ads the scripts and everything that goes along with this to make this work with ads it's through my $2,000 Mastermind I'm just kidding I don't do that just go on this channel all my ad scripts everything I've ever learned about advertising is here in hopes that you use it to make more money and then when you actually start making more money from your ads you decide to track them and not run ads like a drunken baboon and use my ad Tracking Company hyros literally we guarantee your ads make more this is why Tony Robbins Alex hosi Playboy bodybuilding.com Pier One pudgy Penguins everyone that's cool on the internet heck even danzan uses us now they use hrus cuz you guaranteed make more money from your ads so I'm just going to teach you everything I know about ads and and then when you want to start start running your ads not like a drunk baboon you come find us at high Roos well give you a spank on the ass get you going all clean like so look again the ads the scripts all my YouTube ads all my image ads all my Facebook ads that go along with this are all on this this YouTube and they'll be linked to at the end they're link to below this video let's focus on the content so I'm going to show you a series of pages right now that just printed tens of millions of dollars and they're just embarrassing as you can see they're very simple ugly Little Pages like this okay and so you're probably looking at these pages right here thinking how could this print money how was this even a business and these Pages alone yes I did have like Standalone business websites in the past where I'm like in a suit and like look how professional a look and stuff like that that doesn't generate any money these little dumpster diver pages right here this is where all the money is I didn't even need to if I could just go back in time and and binge drink more I would do it and I'd be able to afford to even more efficiently because I could just run onepage websites like this and print money so I'm going to explain to you how to do this and if you have an existing business using these Concepts right here will get you more leads it will get you more customers in door if you don't have a business or you're like trying to learn how to like build one properly this is going to show you how you really need to get the fundamentals right and that's all you really need to generate money and most people don't get the fundamentals I'm the fundamental king that's why I can just be the idiot that you see in these videos today and still print money because I I got the basics right my layups my granny shots are phenomenal in in in marketing terms so first let me break down the business model that worked Oho very well here and this is something you just need to focus on your business and just really build deep inside your body so when a lot of people run ads on the internet what they're thinking about is money in money out and that's obviously the end goal but you're going to see that the smartest people and the richest people they play this game in a really weird way or long-term way where they focus more on gaining attention and rapport with people and that's the currency they're trying to build up and then later on that's when they really reap the rewards it's it's kind of like you're growing crops if you would just put a seed in the ground wait 10 minutes and then try to harvest it you're not going to harvest anything really but if you put a sea in the ground and water it for a year and then you wait for it to get all confident and big and then large and then cut it off at the root that's when you're going to harvest the most and so you got to really think about that way with your business so the way any business should work whether it's e-commerce or or SAS or or anything that makes it incredibly easy to run and build is you want to focus on Rapport first and building that Rapport and being able to contact the person so look in order for someone to buy something from you like let's look at Brian Johnson's olive oil let's talk about that for a second Brian Johnson is making Just sh tons of money selling olive oil this is a product that you could literally go to any grocery store even a gas station and buy right now yet he's selling it probably like a 3X markup uh it's olive oil it's just you put on your your your bread at Olive Garden where they serve olive oil so how is this guy doing this this why are people going and paying him 3x markup because they know him they like him they trust him they believe what he says and they believe because of this the quality of his product is better now I I actually buy Brian's olive oil I like it and I don't even know why I buy it to be honest I don't know why it's better than the olive oil at Whole Foods but I I go have it shipped in and I I take his olive oil daily because of this mothering thing right here all right so this is how damn important is it can even trick me it can even even make my lizard brain do whatever um the person trying to get me to buy something wants me to do so you have to understand online that the thing you really want to focus on first is one building this for poor people in order to do this you have to be able to contact them efficiently so when a person comes to your website what we want to do is we want to get their email or contact information this is a no-brainer but but if you do this already on your website you probably do you've probably ran a lead gen funnel before please listen for 10 seconds because I'm better than you at it and I have understandings that you probably don't have that make me much more efficient at this than you do so look we want to get their email information and we also want to slap a retargeting pixel on them now if we can get their phone number uh that's the CR CL because then we can just annoy this person for the rest of their life maybe even get their address so we can send them those huge giant pamphlets in the mail that spam and fill up their mailbox but we're just really going to focus on the email and the retargeting right here so so why do we want to gather these things right here okay so what we want to do is we want to get their contact information and we want to get them to primarily view a video or start getting to know our brand specifically if they're our Target markets so for example if someone's not interested in Health and Longevity getting them to watch a Brian Johnson olive oil video isn't going to do much so we have to get the target audience there too which is where the ads come in okay so look the way to get people to these pages and a way to start this this this type of contact is of course by getting them there now there's ways you can get them there organic content making yourself famous uh I'm going to use Brian Johnson as an example in this video I talked about acne creams and everything in every video this video we're talking about olive oil all right but the best way to get them there is going to be a organic content like I'm creating for you right now I'm creating all this ad content everything for you to brainwash you into buying hyros now you know what I'm doing why am I giving you all this free content but seriously this is the best way to get people there originally but if you don't want to make videos and you're not really good at making yourself Famous online or making good quality content that people want to watch or you're not extremely good-look like me you're probably going to have to use advertising to get people there okay so that's fine advertising is a way better method you can scale it up faster and a lot of businesses the people I know that make the most money they're all ugly uncharming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know I'm just leaning into my skill set right here uh you look at most of the people that make a lot of money online they're all like hiding in their their basements of their moms and running advertisements other people's faces and stuff so this is perfect for you so forget the organic content let's focus on terms of ads the best way to get the targeted people there is if you can run a very tight funnel is getting them there with ads you get their contact information you get them to start digesting your content and you follow up with them forever through emails and additional content and re targeting ads that then sells your products and gives them more content and over the long run what you want to be doing is you want to spend maybe you know $5 to get a person from an ad onto your big list okay and then over time you want to generate 30 50 bucks from them over the span of a year so for example this business model I'm going to show you right here from advertising it cost me about $5 to get someone on list and over the span of a year I'd make about $30 $50 back now how do you track all this back to the ad you use hyros for example I can see anybody that comes into certain funnels or whatnot in my businesses I can see exactly how much they're worth over time you can see these numbers all increasing over time so I can track back to the ad exactly how much money the people are making for me and how long it's going to take for me to break even on the ad and whatnot okay so that's a very efficient way to do it and again if you're using Facebook ads or Google ads like I always tell you the tracking the tracking is not accurate so for example right here I'm just checking a call funnel that I'm tracking right now Facebook caught 61 calls hrus ad tracking caught 147 calls that's a massive difference if I was running ads off of the data on Facebook I'd be running ads incorrectly and making way less money so please keep that in mind when I talk about all these things you're probably thinking how do I track all these things and do this this is how you do it that's exactly why I invented hyros because I had this exact fing problem and I had to use all sorts of wingding ghetto rig solutions to go and track this data right here now you can just paste hyros code in your site and get all this data easy peasy but anyways this is the world's most Alpha Superior business model I don't care if you're using if you're running an e-commerce business an info business even a SAS business a software business kind of like I run at hos you can see I'm taking a little bit of a different route here by hitting you with Organic content and then I'm going to be retargeting you after this but it's a little it's it's the same exact process except what I'm doing right now is the final evolution of this is more of like the middle tier beginner level that is going to work best for most businesses and entrepreneurs so bringing this all in what we want to do is we want to run ads to these types of pages that we're looking at right here so I'm going to rip this one off of Adam Dukes who ripped it off of me I I don't have a save copy of this page because I'm a very disorganized person I have no access to any of my old templates or anything I used to build because my computers get so infected with viruses and crap that they explode every two years so I have to start over from scratch every time so thank you Adam Dukes I'm going to rip this from you and you ripped it for me so what he's using is a template I used for the longest time so what you want to do to get people into your business is you want to create a lead magnet now I'm pretty sure you already know what a lead magnet is or maybe you don't that's either way it's fine because you're going to learn something here you can see this super duper ugly page right here is dirt ugly simple now I want to show you I'm going to I'm going to plow this also looking at at something that's just working today so for example if you look at um Alex mosi's site um I think e probably has one of the best opt-in funnels or lead type funnels for these type of pages online right now so we're going to look at this compared to this here in a second but what I want to show you is just this simple framework that I've used for almost every business that I have to get people to do what I want okay so you can see that I have this basic ugly page right here I've said it a bunch of times I just want to emphasize how little needs to be on the page a lot of people put big professional pictures of themselves a big complicated looking website even if you look at the hyos website right now yes it's big beautiful has all this crazy stuff on it but the core concept of the landing pages that people land on is this the reason why my highrisk website is very Advanced and bigl looking is because we're trying to work with like really large Enterprise companies and big agencies and there's a lot more song and dance to get someone to buy a product that cost3 $50,000 per year for high-end businesses it doesn't cost that for small businesses join but when people are making $50,000 buying decisions like you got to give them the whole pamplet feel and deal okay what I'm trying to do right here is I'm just trying to get a person's contact information I'm not asking for a credit card I'm not asking them to do anything crazy I'm just I want their contact information and so what we want to do is we want to lower the friction here as much as humanly possible so you can literally reduce your websites this and you use these three different types of lines or these four lines right here to get the job done so the first line of any page you want to have right here is you want to call out to the specific type of person so case study video for successful marketing agency owner so you want to describe what it is and who it's for okay what it is and who it's for hey do you run advertising you want to make more money or something like that who it is and where it's for now what you want to do is you want to put something right here that describes what they're going to get now I actually hate this headline right here I don't think it's good okay so what we what we want to do is we want to tell a story in our headlines that doesn't make any sense but needs to be solved so right here this person right here how I generate 69 dolls and my markting agency last week this is boring this doesn't create any mystery so if you look at this headline right here on this page you can see I'm doing the same thing how print train training my ad pixel AI doubled conversions while cutting ad spin so what's the difference in what's going on right here nobody knows what the print tracking means nobody even understands what their pixel AI is so why am I saying these things in here if people don't get it because their intended thing that they want right here is to cut ads spend but they want to in order for them to take action I have must make them believe I have something that they don't and so having these mixed up words right here and these these little Loops makes them think okay this guy has something that my business doesn't have okay now the best thing you can also do right here is you offer them something that's even more a turnkey so what I did actually with these ads that worked very well when I was building a business where I taught people how to build uh marketing funnels and stuff like that I used get my landing page template so what people believe is even better the thing is going to get people to give them their information so you can Market to them and so on and so forth and by the way if you want to see what goes into the marking everything I send to people afterwards all that that's on that channel as well it's linked below this video there's nothing I'm talking about this video that is left out or be some pay wall for you I just can't include every marketing lesson I've ever had in one video so check out below this video if you want to see how I build the funnels and long-term content to monetize this type of business so what I'm doing right here the best thing you can ever offer in these type of funnels is a template or widget or app or something you can download to get some instant results if you can offer people a win button that will get them to opt in every single time that's why I like templates or script or an app something like that like anything they can download and get results with something they don't have to learn they just slap on their site or something and get some instant results that's why if you look at hyos for example one of the reasons why it sells so well is because of the marketing persuasion I use on it that you just slap this code in your site and you make 15% more which you do and that's what I designed the product around I thought to myself if if these optins work really well for this type of concept maybe if I make a software like that then it will work all right but you want to tell a story particularly offer them a a win button and then use things that they don't understand to create Loops that must be solved okay so that's the difference i' make in this headline now what you want to do in the third line of these pages is you want to remove everything they hate does not involve blah blah blah blah blah um or what I would use in these examples is for example when I was doing this this this page right here generated tens of millions of dollars by the way three step process you used to build a five fig month online store in 20 days so this this is a really good hook right here because it describes what they want in a very short time frame and an easy to understand format what I would do right here to make this a little bit better is I would do like how I use Chinese gold Farmers to build a five figure a month online store in 20 it has to be just something weird off the block off the wall that gets people like whoa I've never seen this before because a person has to believe you have something that they've never seen before to finally get them to get hooked in now you can see this third volume right here is everything they hate okay so what I did right here is you get this thing without all the things you hate for example in online businesses it's without hard cost or techy stuff back then people didn't want to do technical stuff they certainly don't want to invest money in their business don't ever do that that's actually one of the best ways if you're selling like make money online courses and stuff no one ever wants to invest they they just want to push button solution to make money if you can offer that in my perspective on your sales cop you you can't sell that that doesn't work but if you can get people looped in and then get them the actual what they need which is training and resource and everything that's the best way to get in now you can also see right here on this page what I did is I threw in that whole checklist template thing so putting something like this actually boosted conversions okay so then you can see right here I you can actually ignore the rest of this page very simple button get the email address okay you can see on all these Pages what I have is just a very simple button that then will pop down and collect the person's email address and then take them to a Content video where I deliver red hot crazy content that introduces them to the brand and then gets them to preferably book a phone call or go deeper down the funnel the the funnels for these is listed in the videos underneath this if you want to learn more about how I made a lot of money from these businesses that's there now the final thing I'm going to do right here is bring you to Alex Hero's page now I actually think my headlines and seduction is actually better than Alex's on here but I know personally that this is a really really high converting page and I just want to show you this being used on a very high level um from from someone you probably know so get your free personalized 100 Millions doll scaling road map what is this first and foremost remember where I talked about just a download push button thing they can download to get immediately it's right here all right so you can see like literally a checklist this is what people like like they don't have to learn anything new they just follow the checklist so you can see the same principles being done right here and I just want to stress this page right here is generating so many leads for alks and probably making them actually making them just so much money and you can see exactly how simple this is an application whereas you look at a lot of other people's websites it's just very complicated craziness and you have to understand what you want to do is offer people the quick template the quick push button and then get their contact information and one thing I want to show you as I know this this converts really well for Alex and it's just red hot is how simple this optin is right here so if you can make your optin or email collection areas extremely simple to use that's another thing that's going increase your conversion rate so I just want to show you these pages right here and give you a rough overview of the business model I was using that just allowed me to print if I can tons and tons of money with very little effort and actually not much skill when I was in my 20s I was just running these things left and right my businesses are a lot more advanced now and so they use a lot of different other Concepts to grow the business but you know those businesses bu hrus is a nine figureure business if you want to make 5 million million 10 million bucks a year you can get it done with that type of business page and type of strategy that I talked about now if you want to see the ads that I ran to these Pages they're all over this channel they'll be linked to at the end of this video they're linked underneath this video they are everywhere my YouTube ads Facebook ads image ads my entire ad copywriting strategy all on this channel if you want to see the funnels and the things I was selling to make a lot of money in these businesses again link below this video all over this channel I don't have any courses or anything you to buy because I've already explained why and this video has been long and I'm tired so I have nothing more to say goodbye

================================================================================
TITLE: I Made 24.5 Million Running Ads To This Ugly Mug
VIDEO ID: 3DLxZTa1dS8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DLxZTa1dS8
================================================================================

well hello there you sleazy internet marketer would you like an ad template that is so manipulative and evil that you can get anybody to buy virtually any form of dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you sell on the internet without any effort whatsoever of course you do you don't care how the money comes in just as long as it does so I too am a shameful piece of sh and what I'm going to show you in this video is an ad that I'm frankly embarrassed of I I I'm ashamed that I put this on the internet but I'm not ashamed of the amount of money it generated this stupid terrible iPhone shot ad generated millions of dollars generated crazy leads and sales and was core to a business that generated tens and tens and tens of millions of dollars from me just running it from my garage and this ad was so damn convincing and the blueprint for this ad so effective that was able to Spur an entire huge multi-million dollar business and the craziest thing about this is this blueprint for this ad I have used for almost a decade now because nothing beats it you can whip out an iPhone you can shoot this on a Geral I don't know how you do that but you could shoot it on a Geral doesn't matter the quality of the video you can have skitchy ass audio it beats everything out there every high quality ad anything you could imagine and I've been using this template for forever and the reason why you should pay attention to this is a I know what the I'm talking about I've used ads on the internet which this channel is about to build 28 figureure businesses and build a nine figureure business I'm also the CEO of one of the largest ad tracking companies in the entire world hyros so I know it's working across ads across billions and billions of dollars of AD spend and I'm also extremely good-looking and have a six-pack and have a lot of followers that means I'm right about everything so you should definitely listen to me and then coolest of all I don't even have aing course to sell you cuz I'm already extremely rich I'm just going to tell you everything I know on this channel and hope that eventually decide you want to track your ads on hyros because it will make you more money so that's why you should listen but the big crazy reason you should listen here is because this ad is selling the hardest thing to sell on the internet which is info now I know you might roll your eyes and think oh info marketing I'm sure you've seen the people slinging courses and telling you they're going to get rich online but in truth you should really pay attention to those because that's the hardest form of marketing to sell ever you're basically selling thin air you're basically saying hey I got a really good secret it's really good if you if you pay me a lot of money I'll tell you my secret that's a really hard pitch selling skin cream that heals acne selling hyros to software that improves people's ad results that's not hard I can prove that works all day but convincing someone that you have a secret that's so damn fing good that they give you thousands of dollars that is the cream the creme that is the hardest form of marketing there is and you take the templates and the strategies that are used in that marketing to make your marketing for your actual easy to sell products B tilion times better so what I want to do now is I want to break down this ad to you because um it works and then I'm going to curl away and shame that I ever that I ever operated or made ads this terrible on the internet but they work they work I'm I hate that they do but here you go let's let's get into this okay guys so this you might have seen this ad in the past because this has been studied by Scholars and institutions alike actually this is this is semi one of my most famous ads so this is a wolf Muk ad and we were selling a product called hcom back in the day which taught people how to build e-commerce stores the product itself isn't too important what we would do is I got and partnered up with two guys who were making like I don't know $10 million a year on e-commerce and we basically made a course on how to make e-commerce stores this is back when e-commerce was really hot it was easy business for people to get into and build I don't really know if it's too easy for beginners to into today but this worked very well in the past allowing us to create a product that had tons of results and allowed us to use a lot of marketing techniques you see I use today at hyros that said that none of that matters none that just just throw that out out the window all that matters is this damn ad and the persuasion techniques and the flow of this ad and how it works because this got people to come on opt in for leads for a webinar sit through a two-hour webinar and then get sold a product that I believe that its peak was about $5,000 now I'm aware courses and everything are kind of a gray area in the internet and frankly I don't I don't care but that's not the point of that the thing you need to be focusing on is that it was able to sell such a hard-to sell product which is literally just thin air getting people to come and sign up and pay thousands of dollars for a course uh just based on talking just talking it's incredible just a collection of information and so I want to show you the first step in this and how I made these ads so profitable now these work on Facebook this works especially well on YouTube ads let's get into it in the next 45 seconds I'm going to show you how we took a brand new e-commerce Shopify store from zero to okay so let's focus on the first 5 Seconds of this ad the first thing I'm trying to do here is do a lot of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now why do I do a lot of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to start of these ads specifically ads where you have to go really hard um you really have to grab the person's attention everybody's seen a thousand make money online ads how do I get a person's attention here so first off 45 seconds big title this is everything they're going to get in this but then what I start throwing down here is this Game of Thrones mug at the time Game of Thrones was really popular narrated by Alex Becker karaoke world champion there's too much weird stuff going on here to not catch the person's attention this weird mug generated us this huge result so what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to get some result that they're obviously interested in promise it will be done very quickly and create this story or hook that they want to hear people want to see how this crazy little mug right here is generating $200 a day that's the big hook and so what you can do with your main product is let's imagine you were selling a skin cream or something like that I'm always going to just used to sking cream on these Channels cuz I like goo if you watch every video I'm like this is how you sell pus to skin cream if I just ever could open a skin cream company I'd be a billionaire but that's not for me that's for you that's why you're watching this channel so if I had a skin cream company what I would do is I wouldn't put like my product down here in a nice presentable way I'd put like a freaking fruit that's in the product or some one of the weirdest ingredients like I do like this weird amphibious frog cured my acne and I'm going to tell you how I did it in in 45 seconds you want to find some way to attach an interesting object story unique something to the result that they want because that's going to get it if I show you how this skin cream fix my acne in 45 days no one's going to listen to it if I say give me 45 seconds I'm going to show you how this Turtles butt skin made my skin glisten like pamel Anderson's tits I don't know it made my skin look fantastic all right that that's that's what we want to do right there and that's going to hook people and this is very very very important you if you ever watch me breaking down my hyros ads which are also on this channel for free below this video again you're going to see me use a very similar tactic In Those ads by like flashing a little Iron Man thing uh in front of it or again creating this this story so this first 5 seconds is incredibly important with any AD you run took a brand new e-commerce Shopify store from0 to $200 per day in less than 5 days selling only this wolf mug now look I know this wolf mug is pretty dang impressive but the real key here is how my buddy is doing about $400,000 per month from his shop by store okay so one thing I would actually add to this ad at this point is I would have backed it up immediately with testimonials now this was back in my infancy in internet marketing this is almost six years ago okay um this is back when YouTube ads were also very kind of newish as well as you know I'm quite the Pioneer but um what I would have done immediately after that is I would have backed it up with testimonals which we do in other ads um if you ever notice whenever I use that type of pitch or opening in my my H it's immediately backed up with uh testimonies from famous people so that's one thing I would have thrown under right there but what I'm doing now is I'm telling the story of how this person got results now I start talking about Matt Smith the guy who was the the the course creator in this situation right here but what you want to do is if I was in this situation I didn't have testimonials or even if I did have testimonials I'd break immediately into a story about a certain person or the focus of the ad that relates to the customer so in this situation I talk about M because it was was like skincare I'm going to show you how this 15-year-old girl and this 40 40-year-old man named Bob and this 25-year-old office lady all fix their acne using this frog so look it was actually invented by this guy Frederick who was going around the Amazon and would actually start rubbing this on his face to heel Burns but after 30 days what he started noticing is that all of his skin and wrinkles started going away you see how I create this kind of like weird story right there the back of of up so here's this thing weird thing here's a bunch of testimonal and stuff that proves it works here's the story behind that gets you in interested in what's going on here so you can see I start telling the story to hook people in and get people into uh the the Curiosity phase where they want to click the story isn't here to pitch the product or make the person want to buy it's to get it's to create these feedback loops the person has to figure out has to click on to dive into if the person doesn't complete this story in their head they're not going to be satisfied on top of that the story itself gives Credence or some justification on why this is very unique and it has to work if I just told people it's this skin cream they use it for 30 days they're not going to be interested if I told him it's this breakthrough that happened because some guy in Amazon was rolling through mud and rubbing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on his face they're much more interested at this point in time in the story and the loop and they think that there's something unique that they haven't seen before here so this is important wolf mug is pretty dang impressive but the real key here is how my buddy is doing about $400,000 per month from his shop by stores picks these product and then it's very very specific targeting on Facebook and the proof his system works we literally went and picked up this wolf mug and build so this is the other part of this ad that I think is extremely effective in certain niches so what we do in this example right here as I say my buddy he's making 400,000 a month from his Shopify stores and what we did to prove that this worked is we went and grabbed this stupid mug and we turn it into a $200 a day store if you click this ad we will break down and show you how we did this step by step this is why this ad was so damn effective is because what we did is you we're not linking a person to a product right here we're linking a person to a challenge which is essentially a sales pitch for the product what we do is we say hey my buddy's making this much money this shop by process we're using is obviously working the skin cream we're using is obviously working this this uh sewing tool we're using is actually working this blah blah whatever the you're selling is obviously working it's working so damn well look at these crazy results but people don't Rel light to Crazy results it's not like hey look at this supermodel has Perfect Skin she uses our skin cream what you do once you have these incredible results is you tie it down to a challenge to prove it what people like is proof but what they really like to see is challenges you ever seen like Mr Beast um when he ever does anything he does it's like a challenge like how many foone books can this gun shoot through all right people want to see this this type of event or challenge be completed in front of them that then will in turn back up your product so what we do here is we say my buddy's doing so well but again don't focus on what my buddy's doing we're going to prove this works by just grabbing this stupid ass thing and making a $200 a day thing and then leaving the entire blueprint down for you so you can come and actually watch us do this if you're skeptical all that's fine we get it we're going to do it right in front of you with this damn mug and because we're so damn cocky and arrogant this works we can prove it so easily we can take any piece of garbage on the internet and turn into a profitable product that's the message right there so if we were doing in skin cream we could go and tell a little story about the Amazon or my buddy or whatever um I have this let's let's make another story about that I know I'm kind of spitballing here I'm just trying to give you a brain dump of everything I know so if it comes in Inc incoherent waves at you well that's just your problem not not mine um so what I'm trying to do here if I was doing skin care say we have a a Doctor Who's healed over 400,000 other people's skins they look amazing now and look that's a far touch that's a big tale you're probably skeptical so what we actually did is we filmed live 23 people people over two weeks and we started applying this weird frog ointment to their face okay and every single one you show before and after pictures of the people was able to see better lines and wrinkles right here and what we're going to actually do is if you click this ad what we're going to do is we're going to show you a video of stepbystep how they applied this cream and how they did it and you can actually find this cream very very easily and we'll give you the resources and everything for that too that's going to hook the people to the ad they come see a sales video they store from scratch and got it to $200 per day in less than 5 days and what we're so another thing right here obviously people want results fast we got this this shop by store to $200 a day in 5 days that was the whole story if you can find some way to tie results fast into what you're doing people are going to be even more interested today is we're having a special web class where we're going to be breaking down this entire process and if you're interested in attending this 100% free web class all you need to do is click in the top right hand corner if you're on mobile and click in the bottom leftand corner if you're on desktop it's going to take you to a page that looks just like this ENT your email this is pretty much the conclusion of the ad this 45 seconds is all that really matters we can go into all the stuff that's happening after this but it's really just me repeating what the class is okay so the 45 seconds right here this is when we like I said I actually did what I was going to do on my ads there's been ads where I'm like give me 45 seconds and then I spend like 5 minutes explaining nonsense so this is one of the ads where I actually am honest and and do what I say I'm going to do because I'm a turd but you can see right here we got this everything in and message to the person within 45 seconds now with this funnel right here one thing I'm just going to add when when you're running ads like this you should be using hyos to track them look I'm not going to pitch you any info prod this channel because I just want to give you straight up information that's going to get you results with ads the end if you get results with ads you need to be tracking them I have the best tracking company on the internet if you go and look at the leads that hos was able to track compared to the calls and leads that came in from Facebook same thing with Google Adwords iris is catching and summonses three times more leads and calls coming in you cannot run these type of funnels where you're trying to get sales calls or people to attend webinars or long sales pitches and not be using the right data if I was using Facebook data right here I'd be turning off half of these ads and this would completely kill my ability to scale and make more money from the ads you should be tracking your ads as soon as you start making any kind of money from them on top of that what was very important was me actually seeing what sales were coming through if you're using Facebook or Google to actually track the sales coming from long form sales pitches if you're doing something like this you're not able to attach the re Revenue back consistently thus you're not able to see which audiences are draining you the actual right customers that are buying long-term subscriptions long-term Revenue long-term closes you're not going to see that thus you should again be using hyros for this if you pick up hyros and it doesn't help your ad skill you don't even have to pay for it we have you an ad scale guarantee that's why Alex rosi Tony Robbins Playboy Pier One bodybuilding.com hell even Dan bazan just recently signed up for hos everybody uses it you should use it too it'll make you way more money if it doesn't you don't pay for it so that's the hrus Shi for the day which I'm going to shamelessly tell you because it will just straight up make you more money I would be a jerk if if I was telling you to run ads without tracking that being said you can see what's going on at the end of this ad right here I I went and told that story or that hook for the event and then go and show them the page they're about to land on this is very important because you don't want the person to get to the sales page and just be shocked by what they see you want to show people the page they're going to land on and exactly what they need to do on that page so if you're interested in seeing this thing you can come to this web class it's going to show you this page you're going to go to a page that looks just like this and you click register now and opt in this is going to drop your cost per lead so much very simple process and if you watch any AD I've ever made it's very similar to this so let's recap first 5 Seconds the thing that they're interested in which is making money quickly all right the thing they're also interested in not wasting a lot of time attached in a weird presentation or wrapper okay so we're giving them what they want but we're making it an interesting story so how I cleared up all my acne with this weird wart that we got off the back of a frog okay and so we then do is we create a unique story or some type of authority now what we should do immediately a after actually is show testimonials and proof then we should go into the story but I was an idiot and didn't put this in this ad still works super well what we then do is we create some type of Authority or story that shows extreme results so for example we have this doct tberry and he's cured over 400,000 people's acne using frog warts isn't that weird crazy story and and this ad I'm going to tell you how he did it so what we've done at that point in time is we've created this really unique story that they want to hear the rest of but they're skeptical at this point and so what we're then going to do is do this but instead of telling you how this story Works we're just going to prove it to you we've gotten 23 people and we shot them live every single day and showed the results they gotten from these frog wart thing this frog wart secret ingredient that nobody's using so what we do is we create this event or this challenge that they want to see completed well I'm going to you these shoes will make you run 5 Seconds faster in a 40 m 400 meter dash or something like that and to prove it we had 50 athletes come and put the shoes on and then run with other shoes here are the results you can come see us doing it right here something like that and this example right here I said look my friend's making 400,000 a month because his Shopify process is so amazing but to prove it to you we're literally going to build a store right in front of you and get it to $200 a day live right in front of you and all you have to do is click this ad to see us do this live okay so we create some type of event or challenge to get the person to click the ad because the ultimate thing we're trying to do here is get them to watch a sales video and if you run sales video style ads which are extremely effective for calls webinars um selling any type of any type of e-commerce product ever I think selling sending people to a a sales video is 10 times more effective than just linking them straight to a page especially for products like acting or something like that we didn't do that then we're going to do is we link them or we tell them what to do and what to do next and we show them where they're going to go and then we instruct them what they're going to do on the page okay so that simple little process right there made just a ton of money it's a very simple ad you can see how simply it's shot it's just shot in my living room with a with a phone and a little audio voice over and that made me tens of millions of dollars and so you should apply this logic whether you're selling really good traditional products or you're selling complete nonsense on the internet which I know a lot of you are you can apply this to it and it just straight up works because it's a core persuading someone and hooking them and getting them to do what you want so if you like videos like this I have other videos where I review my hyros ads and more kind of traditional ads right below this video I have my full YouTube ad scripts broken down in a script template right below this video I have literally the funnels that I was using right here and the funnels I use right below this video on this channel everything I do is just on this channel for free and hopes that you make more money from your ads and eventually decide not to be a drunken baboon and actually track your ads with hos so that being said this is the video I hope you enjoyed and um you know good luck and selling whatever you're selling okay bye

================================================================================
TITLE: I Make 2.4 Mil A Month Running Ads To This Small Site
VIDEO ID: DkrQmA5-ZP4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkrQmA5-ZP4
================================================================================

hey there you scuzzball internet marketer you sleazy snake oil selling Shiller of garbage on the internet welcome back to my ads Channel where we talk about ads do you want to know the number one thing to make your ads super profitable and make them sh money if you nail this one thing your ads will make infinite amounts of money you could actually become quite rich just doing this one thing well and messing up everything else do you want to know what it is it's making the place you send them AKA your sales pages and landing pages it's making those convert highly and I know this might come as a shocking revelation that in order to get people to buy stuff from you online after they click an that you have toing convince them you you have to convince them well getting a person to click and add is the easy part getting someone to actually believe the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're saying on your website take out their credit card or put in their information or give you their phone number and do what you want them to do that's the hard part because people don't trust you online and they are very very busy and have the attention span of a gerbal so truly the actual most important thing if you want to make a lot of money on the internet via ads you could mess up pretty much everything else in fact running ads is pretty easy right now with the targeting it doesn't take a space age scientist like it used to the number one thing by far is being able to create pages and websites to convince people to do what you want and in this video I'm going to break down a skill set and strategy that has been forgotten to time since genz and Millennials have taken over the internet and no one has the ability to read anymore this is a skill set that absolutely no one has internet marketing and that's being able to write written sales Pages no one can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do this anymore except for me I'm the only source of information on the entire internet you have just kidding but not really the only information that I can really think up on coming to writing wrden sales pages is back in Old Dan Kennedy books and classic copywriting books no one does this anymore yet if you go to Every website every SAS website every e-commerce website any website online what is going on there people aren't watching videos they are interacting with visuals images text text links the website design and that's what's convincing them to buy and nobody understands how to go and make this actually convince people to do this if you can do this everything will work cuz people aren't watching videos on your websites they are reading and so if you understand how to get people who are reading to do what you want you're going and I can tell you how to do this because I built multiple eight figureure businesses fueled by ads I've built a ninef figureure business fueled by ads I'm going to show you a sales page today that generates 50,000 to 100,000 plus per day in sales and on top of that I'm the CEO of one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now hros you should use it if you don't you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which allows me to see what is working across all of paid advertising to the tune of billions of dollars I see everything that's going on I can tell you what's working what I'm about to show you right here is actually pretty uncommon in ads and I'm going to show you this page that I've created for my business and I'm going to walk you through everything I'm doing that has allowed me to create my website for my business that I guarantee you converts much much higher than all my competitors or similar websites there's only like two websites out there online that I think have really good written copywriting on them for example one of them is clickfunnels because Russell Brunson is a copywriting freak the other one is Alex Hero's website really other good copywritten website that we'll probably review later on we're going to start with my website if you just apply this strategy and mindset that I give you you're going to see your conversion Skyrocket because you're probably just not doing this by default it's like if you were trying to learn how to play soccer and you stop hitting the ball with your hand and getting penalties like kick it with your foot you stupid son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's how simple this is and that's how little people do this so let's hop over let me break down this page for you all right so nor on my business hos.com and this business was recently about last valuation we got was valued over $150 million I think it's worth much more because we've grown a lot from then but regardless of that this is a business page that has generated a lot of money for me it's created a very successful business so you can pretty much assume that this works so what I'm going to do right here is I'm going to break down this page now look I would I try not to Shield hyros too much in this Channel and that might be what this comes across but I put more effort into this page and this website than anything else I have online at the moment so I have no better use case or example to show you so you're also going to have to deal with me subtly Shilling hyrus as we walk through this I want to break down the mythology behind this first so so what we're going to do is we're going to go through these notes that I've left right here in this very badly organized area right here so let's start from the very beginning of everything we need to do with the sales page and we'll go through the actual steps and what the person is thinking so all copywriting is and all selling through written text or video is achieving these goals right here okay so you have to make sure that someone believes or you have to Market to the person what they're looking for these are all going to sound really obvious but people don't do these things so please if you think you're smart and you think oh well obviously you want to sell to People based on what they want okay great why aren't you doing it correctly so there's three things you really have to get done one you have to make sure that the person uh on the page AG is there for what they want and you're selling them what they want and you have to know what they want to sell them so what is the big thing to them you didn't have to convince them that what you're selling is actually for them and is going to work and then you have to convince them to take action those are the three things you have to do that's all there really is but doing those things is a little bit harder than just breaking it down the three things and what you're really trying to do is predict once you have those things allocated okay you have the right person on the page and you're selling what they want you have to predict what they're going to think it's like you're having a conversation with someone and you're trying to lay out a game of chess 20 moves and predict every move they're going to make and everything they're going to think you're not just writing and throwing something out into the void it'd be like if you're talking to a girl or something like that I don't know if you've ever seen pickup artists or people who have these whole scriptive routines to talk to women but what you're trying to again do is predict everything the person's going to say in response to what you're saying so you're going to say for example if I'm selling hyos hey I have this tracking solution it's going to make you more money from ads what's the first thing the person going to say how does it do that how do I know it works then I'm going to give them a response okay well here's a customer that got this result right here and here's how it works well yeah but I don't really believe it yet well here's more testimonials well how would this actually work for me blah blah blah blah blah blah all right and so if you ever look at any sales video or heck when I'm making even videos on YouTube what I'm trying to do is I communicate something to people and about every 15 seconds I think what is the person going to think what are they going to respond what's going to be going on in this person head what's the objection or skepticism they're going to have and then I address that and so I'm constantly having a conversation with someone that isn't actually there that I'm imagining that's the key to copyrighting people just talk to themselves and then they lose track of the conversation they having with the person so think about that as you go through this so we have to think about these things before the person comes on the page what is the big thing and what is the main big thing what you see a lot of times when people come on pages is they try and pitch different things you have to understand people are very short attention spendy imagine you're having a conversation with someone who is using their phone and texting someone else and their wife is screaming at them uh if he their text message so they're very distracted right now what is the number one way we can convince them what is the thing that's going to hook them through because you don't have to hook a person on 15 different things you just have to hook them on their main thing people usually only buy something for one or two reasons for example if you're selling a skin cream uh you could have a skin cream that tightens your skin removes wrinkles gets rid of AC me whatever but what you want to do when you send people to a page is you need to understand what is the biggest fing reason they're on the page right now so if you ran an ad and your skin product does 10 different things but you're in an ad focusing on acne just go 100% on acne scars that's the only thing you have on the page just nail it nail it nail it because you're sending people interested in acne scar treatment and that's the only thing you need to nail you can also bring other things into it but they all must relate back to the main thing so if we go look at this page at hyos what are we focusing on right here scale scale scale and if you go through this entire page you're just going to see the word scales over and over again all the testimonials result to scaling and so at highis I understand the number one thing that people buy it for is because they want to scale their ads they want to make more money yes we cut cost yes we cut waste yes we help the targeting improve on Facebook yes we help people attribute their sales more correctly those are not the number one thing that's going on in someone's said the number one reason why people buy hus or look at hus is cuz want their ads to scale further so what I focus on is how hyos does that and guarantees that result if you see everything right here I tie every feature that hyros has on the page back to scaling so before we even get into the words we're saying what is the main thing the customers came for and then we're going to attach everything back on the page the customer Journey the attribution the AI optimization high it's all going to tie back to that so whatever your product does whatever your features do tie it back to the main big thing and only focus on the main big thing on the page okay next what are their biggest objections you got to collect these beforeand why are people not buying your product so for example at highes people's biggest objection is it's hard to plug in I don't have time to do it I don't believe it works yada yada what you're always going to see 90% of the time is people are going to require more proof they're not going to believe you okay there's the pain or time of setup or use okay and there's the friction to join now friction and joy mean how hard is it to check out how hard is it to get into what you're doing so for example at hyos we we charge upfront you know a lot of times you can remove friction by making it free or making it easy to join or there's all sorts of other things we can talk about as we get into that but most of the time what are their biggest objections proof pain and time of use so have all the reasons why people don't buy and don't complete check out don't make the next step don't believe you and you must attack those okay so why would people not believe that hires can scale their ads why do people believe they can't set it up why are they not joining maybe they don't understand it so moving on to the understand part I just put into can a fourth grader understand it what you must do is you must not just only focus on the big thing you must explain to the person and explain away their objections and convince them of the big thing in a way that is easy for them to understand I see so many pages for example I look at other attribution companies and it looks like a PhD scientist wrote their page I don't know what the f the company actually does or how it tracks or how it makes them more money I go to so many other service websites and like that that's not explain the big thing and it's not making it simple can they understand it can someone look at your page and understand what's happening next we have to focus on what type of customer are they and how do we get sniper info to them so for example at hyos what I do and what I understand is that first everybody that comes to this website wants to scale their ads but I have many different types of customers as do you I have e-commerce customers I have SAS customers I have people that run info businesses I have people that track phone calls okay and so hus has very specific functionality for each of those type of businesses that makes our tracking Superior for them but what a lot of people try and do with their products is they try to Market them all at once so they have e-commerce features they have infom marketing features they have testimonials that are for all different types of business models this is not what we want to do here once we convince people that it can scale what we want to do is we want to send people to specific information so what you want to do on your site is once you have let's say we have a skin cream okay what we want to do is we want to convince people that the skin cream works and then what we might want to do if we don't go for the sale right away is we want to send people to relevant information that applies them so maybe they're interested in skin tightening maybe they're interested in acne scarring um a better example with this would be on a B2B website where you're trying to make the business more money okay so on that on that skincare example right there I would just go straight in and the acne scarring like we talked about or whatever the main thing is and then maybe maybe narrow it down to more specific things like blackhead scarring or um I don't I don't know the specifics of skin care scarring to be honest uh potholes sunburn damage something like that and you could narrow it down to that if the person needs more information okay so an example of that just thinking off the top of my head is if you have the sales page for your skin cream you could actually have it like what is your biggest problem Sun scarring acne scarring you got hit by a baseball bat I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know you then link them to deeper parts of the site to get the more information or you provide information based on that so as I go down here after I convince the person yes it will scale you the first thing I'm trying to do is get them information based on their specific needs okay so for example if they're like in e-commerce I'm going to show them big e-commerce brands that are getting results I'm going to show them how our cogs and the way that we attribute the entire hard cost of goods all in one place while attributing higher for scaling is going to help them more if we're doing call tracking I'm going to focus on how it's able to connect the call to the close months later and connect all the backup sales and all the attribution from the sales reps to one place you can attribute that back to your ads that's what I'm going to focus on based on the customer and I don't want to just Chun it all in one page I want to Route them there so if you can see when I go and click on features at the top of the page how we split up by features now you might have noticed I'm not talking about any written sales copy yet I haven't gone to like called Dan Kennedy how to write a sales page I'm you what I'm talking about right here is how to structure your website there has to be a logical flow to how people are going to behave on your website if you go to any other website let's just go like look at MailChimp or something something like that and the reason why I'm using MailChimp is the more corporate and large a business is the more aloof and stupid their websites are so like look at these look at the website and just TR an email and SMS in the revenue get more op clicks to your email marketing this is all fine but like look how many different directions is going right here like on the page itself just all over the place Solutions and services like it just like there's it's just so much information now this is a terrible example cuz I'm terrible at making content you can probably MailChimp is like this big Enterprise giant service and when you get to the size of this you're probably going to need all these these crazy winging extra features right here I'm just saying that a lot of smaller businesses more like hyusis size or B2B businesses or other businesses that are are not quite the level of MailChimp they're all over the place with all sorts of information if you can look at the hyro website there's really nowhere for you to get lost you're going to find exactly what you're looking for and there's nowhere else you can get jug into other sites have like their whole entire site listed up here 10 different places you can go there is very little places for you to end up based on your business model on here okay so are you looking for the features are you looking for results I'll I'll bring this down so you can see the taskbar right here and there's really no other place for you to get lost okay so we want to direct them to the sniper information that's related to them on the page and then finally what are the key concerns specific to this customer that's very basic if I go right here and I click on e-commerce you're going to see a page that has only things that are related to e-commerce you're going to see we're using e-commerce Brands like Playboy uh we're using e-commerce influencers like Matt Smith and we're showing the results of e-commerce stores and focusing all the features on here with their specific business models like we connected to Amazon you're not going to see this on the info marketing page so that's what we're going to be looking at the sales videos everything right here like the biggest day in in e-commerce is Black Friday so I focus on videos that show we increased profits by Black Friday or on Black Friday by 60% for a lot of users so this is what I'm going to focus on but if I go right here on the SAS page completely other different stuff we're focusing on Mr and how this ties in the ARR and how we actually track LTV back to ad so different problems for different customers but the main focus of the entire everything is always scaling this is going to be about how to scale your e-commerce ads and so you have to look at the train of thought what's going on right here so if we go back and look at this let's go back and do this from the very top and then let's look at how we do the copywriting on the page so what's the topic or problem what's the big thing it's scaling okay everything on the hrus website or anything on your website should focus on the main thing again this isn't a pitch for hyros I'm explaining how I sell hyros so you understand how to sell your product this is Apples the apples you can copy and paste this method over to your product so what's the topic or problem what's the big problem for the customer scaling that's the number one thing that's important to people that will potentially use hus they want to make more money what is the number one thing to your customer okay so the first thing a person is going to think then is this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't believe you this is the number one thing and then what's going to happen is you sell to anybody on the internet every 30 seconds they're going to think this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't believe you until you've smashed any form of skepticism out of their mind so you're going to see on the page here's the big giant result and there's a video very quickly breaking down like how we get it with hrus and so I love these little gif animated videos at the top of websites because people don't watch videos cuz they have the ADHD of a crazy chimpan on qu ludes right now it's they don't they don't watch five minute videos they just can't do it okay they also don't read long forms of text they read chunky chunky text just like the way they read Twitter and Instagram and so what I do is I make gifts they very quickly show them exactly what they're going to get and focus on the most important part which is scaling all this ties back in the scaling shows the most important features so I love using these at the top of websites because they're perfect for ADHD people now the first thing a person's going to think is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm like well here's Tony Robbins using it it's obviously probably not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here's like a billion other brands okay moving on so that's the first thing I'm going to do you want to get endless proof and so what I do also is I put trust pilot on here um and then also there's people that their number one thing to buy is just going to be proof which is why you should always just have a results page so what we have at hyros literally if the person is just wants to call [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me all day I just have an entire page being like no here's like a billion results testimonials people making more money here's endless videos here's famous people here's normal Brands here's whatever this is why it's also really important you build something that actually works so you can do this if your product doesn't consistently work you have tons of bad reviews online you should really address that first um a lot of people are be like what if I don't have a lot of testimonials and no one gets results with my product fix that first okay you you'd be shocked how many people that's like their main problem I know it's crazy but building a business that actually works and gets results and makes more money than they pay you like that that is actually one of the big Keys the business and behold um but anyways just endless results and I give people results in every type of format that they're looking for this is essential for copyrighting because people take in results in different ways so I have videos showing them how it works plus endless results I have more traditional here's a review site oh you don't believe review sites here's normal people oh you don't believe normal people you think we copy paste it here's famous people uh that we could get in trouble for posting on here if they didn't say these things they they mess us up like Dan Henry message me and be like hey I didn't say that well you know that this is true well here's also like thousands of people also use our brand here's a bunch of other famous people you know here's people just like you so I'm thinking about the person watching the page like maybe it's an e-commerce person well here's e-commerce [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right maybe you're an infom marketer or maybe you take calls well here's the person getting calls this is why you always want a results page you should just always have a giant results page for your products or anything on your site okay cuz there's all people the number one reason why they won't buy is just proof of results then after We've Ended endlessly proven that it's real they're going to think okay it's real but what the how does it actually you know get me these results what we then want to do is we want to explain in fourth grade format how it does it so you can see I don't like write a long biography like a lot of sites do and like all the scientific things hus is the highest level of AD tracking it's just big simple chunky text now it requires zero changes to your business you paste our code data accuracy Skyrock your ad scale you can see how I just explained the product in three bite-sized chunks okay so this right here I love this type of format on a page because it just this is how a person reads this is what it does it doesn't have any of the things you hate it's simple to use we guarantee it that's the entire pitch on this page and I repeat that over and over again and you can see how I'm communicating with the person so let's let's go through the conversation we're having scale your business I don't believe you well here's trust pilot and here's how it works okay but I still don't believe it well here's Tony Robins okay maybe it's kind of real how does it actually work well what it does is this is how it gets you the result and by the way it doesn't require any of those things that you hate and your ads will get this result if you do this here's the result you'll get again this is all you have to do it's very simple it's push button and we guarantee it well that sounds really cool but I still don't believe you okay well here's more here's more results H okay so this is the conversation we're going back and forth with the person you can see how I confirm results every couple seconds as the person Scrolls down so the person might still need a little bit convincing on how the product actually works so what I do is I always break things in the threes because the human mind works in threes one thing there's no Trend two thing there's not a trend three things there's a trend five things it's over combobulated so I try to keep things in threes and fours threes preferably so at this point the person probably needs more details so what I do is I repeat the same exact process over again here is how it works okay here's the result you're going to get boom click here continue more testimonials now again three ways where we'll increase your Adar why again the person's more interested in scaling another set of Threes so what I'm doing at this point right here is I've gone through what's the big problem we've addressed it how do they know it's real all right I know it's real but how does it get me this we've broken it down right here all right and then what the person is going to think next is okay I've heard thought about this in the past but I've never done it so the reason why people never use ad tracking is they think it's complicated it's going to be hard to set up you can see that's why I focus on it being simple Now hrus isn't incredibly simple to set up but the amount of customer support and how simple we've made a system it's by far the best support and simplest there is online which is the main reason why people never set up tracking so think about why don't people use skin care products why don't people use your gym products why don't people use your courses why don't they why don't they use your service why Haven they done in the past what is the thing that stopped them other than the money or the the financials of it you want to address that as you go through the page in these patterns you can constantly see I'm constantly addressing that it's way easier to set up than anything else once we've accomplished these things you can accomplish this on your page pretty quickly you can see I accomplish all these things within a few Scrolls what we then want to do on our pages is get people the specific information immediately immediately so what I didn't do the rest of the page is really focus on repeating this process I go and give people information specific to them and then I I focus on a few more features that are based around scale and then I show them more proof and then I try to get them the features that are specific to them because really what happens with hris is they come to this page and they get finally convinced that we'll make them more money but how will it make them specifically more money this acne product will um stop your acne but how it will specifically stop your forms of acne because you have specific problems so what are your three most common types of customers if you have an acne product or something like that B2B I don't know so I get them to the information that's related to them so these are all of our most common types of customers there's also again just at the top hey do you just straight up not believe us here's results so we get them to for example e-commerce and then I walk them through all the results we got for e-commerce stores all the specific procs how we're the only ones that track Amazon Tik Tok shop all that and we're able to track the LTV and subscriptions and all their cost in one place and we dig into that kind of stuff right there and so we get them and I repeat the same exact process that we did before what's the main problem to an e-commerce store they want to scale but they also have these very specific little tiny problems in their business as well this is where we get into the minute now that we actually know who our Target customer is and we got a very specific customer to a specific page now we can start drilling down on their specific needs finally what the person is going to think last as of all is okay but where's the catch what's what's the risk to me here I have to give you my credit card and I'm going to have to take a big risk what I like to do here is I always like to offer a crazy guarantee to get people um across the board and and when it comes to purchasing so on any of my businesses I just offer crazy refund guarantees because if your business let's imagine you have a lifetime refund guarantee of your of your business if 20% of people are refunding your product you really have something there's there's a problem with your product you should have really re low refund rates regardless and refund rates shouldn't tank your business okay so what I like to do is I just like to offer crazy guarantees risk-free guarantees of their business that's the easiest way to remove the catch if you can't do that find some way to remove the risk for the customer on your page then finally the person's going to think okay I'll come back later cuz no one wants to reach into their pocket and take out their credit card give them some reason to act now the price increasing some limited scarcity or just double triple down on pain I don't really like to use too much scarcity or specials or promos at because then they stop having effect in the future I do do specials and promos there a lot of you internet marketers have like tons of false scarcity on your websites and whatnot that works by all means if you want to treat your customer like an idiot and your customers are idiots then do it okay I used to do that stuff in the past I stopped doing it because what happens is people can't Coy to that or your specials lose their effect in the future you only want to use specials or go for the crazy right hooks every now and then that's my two sents that what I like to do to get someone to take action now is I like to just really double down on the pain for example at hris they're just losing more money they're losing more money on ads there's absolutely no risk you can have this set up tomorrow and if you set up tomorrow you'll be making more money today you're choosing to make less money and lose money if you don't set up right now something like that just remember this is the process of the flow of the conversation so I'm going to post this in the description below this is the process and flow I follow with every sales page sales video everything in fact if you watch my YouTube videos or even these videos especially in the first five minutes I'm constantly assuming the person wants to click away so for example on my crypto videos what people are really reallying into and come into the channels they want little micro coin picks they want me to pick coins for them throw coins at them and then they uh then they buy them and a lot of people come to the channel supposedly because they want to catch the coins early get into the coins and then dump on people who buy the coins from the channel I'm fully aware of this in the crypto channel so what I constantly do is I use that promise that I'm going to pick coins the string them along to the actual important content that I want to pick out and I constantly knock out their objections at the beginning of the videos by showing the proof of the results of the coins I got so the people get hooked and they stay through the video and actually watch the content the good quality content I want them to watch for the promise of these coins that I constantly use in the hook so really if you watch the Youtube video the sales pitch is to get them to watch the end of the video okay so you can use this in any form of persuasion whether it's getting people to watch videos to opt in to buy products from you this conversation happens over and over and over again so you can use this process and virtually anything this is how you do it in the form of a website which is by far the most important thing because the thing that sells everything you have the thing that people return to organically the thing that people browse around from when they're thinking about buying decisions and they didn't buy from your ad initially and your initial ads page is your website most people don't focus on their website that much they focus on the ad or the initial page they land in and they don't think about how people are interacting with their websites or how they view their brand and it shows so use this I beg of you if you like content like this subscribe and you should use hrus also because of all the things I talked about it's if you run ads it's so stupid not to be using it we guarantee the result and uh I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain An Ad Funnel That Makes Me $72,000 A Day
VIDEO ID: oIX1cPYm-qw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIX1cPYm-qw
================================================================================

hi you run ads on Facebook and Google and nobody buys your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or maybe they're not buying your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the rates that you like them to buy your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at and you don't know why maybe it's because what you're selling sucks just kidding that couldn't possibly be it not in a thousand years there's obviously something wrong with the people on the internet there's something wrong with Facebook and Google ads what you're selling is by far the best product to ever exist on Planet Earth it couldn't possibly be the issue and that issue is what we're going to clear up today because in this video I'm going to give you an ad funnel that you can use on your Facebook Google or if you interact with that filth known as gen Z on Tik Tock ads you can use this ad funnel to sell virtually more of anything and I know a lot of people that make ad content promise you that but I can tell you this as a fact because I have more subscribers to them and more subscribers equals better ad know how just kidding the reason I can tell you this is because I've been applying this to my businesses and it absolutely shs money compared to funnels I've ran in the past and if you don't know I've been running ads for almost a decade now I built multiple businesses past eight figures I've even built a nine figure business all fueled by ads and on top of that I am the CEO of one of the largest ad tracking companies on the entire internet which allows me to see what's working across billions of dollars in ad spend per month so if you're going to get your ad knowhow from somebody you could get it from worst sources so what I want to do is I want to break down this funnel to you because what it allows you to do is basically net in tons and tons of customers that are likely to buy your product very very cheap deeply and then once you have these people it then allows you to hit them right in the jugler and do the number one thing that's going to get them to come to your site and buy something and so what I've been doing is I've been running this one two punch combination recently cost per call goes down cost per sale goes down and the money we make the number that goes up which is very nice so if you enjoy making more money from your ads as opposed to less money listen to this it works very well let me show you so look this method I'm going to show you right here is turbocharged by the funnels that I've taught you on this channel and the test monial Gathering method that I've taught you on this channel as well everything that I mention as additional content in this video by the way it's all on this channel for free I'm already incredibly rich I don't need to sell you anything I just want to help you with your advertising so that you make more money and then when you make more money you might want to actually track your ads because if you track where your sales are coming from you can get more of them in an efficient way and make more money which I assume is your goal here so I figure if I help you make enough money here you'll eventually want to stop running your ads like a blind baboon and make more money from them and then you'll pick up hyros that's the strategy I hope it works so hey below this video go in the description get the additional content the funnels the testimonial method cuz I'm not going to cover those in this video because then this would be like an hour long video and I know you have the ADHD of a toddler so I'm going to try and rush through this snippit this bite-sized piece of content to get it to you super quick so the way this method works is you have to understand the Baseline of getting anybody to buy anything from you in there now there's a whole bunch of hoopla you can do you can make a pretty page and have some crazy Spiel texts on it you can have Jessica Alba come down from a parachute and say whatever you're selling doesn't suck but if you really want to get anybody to buy anything it comes down to these two things now this is a very big simplification but one you need their attention Okay need their attention you also need a way to Target them efficiently which it's it's I'm going to keep this at two things but it's technically three so you need their attention or why do you need their attention cuz they're not going to hear you or see you or pay attention to and then you can't sell them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so that's wrapped up right there pretty obvious but two they need to believe that it's going to get the result that they're looking for now these these seem so simple but everybody F them up a lot of people the reason why their ads don't work is no one pays attention to them and then when people see the ad and click the page they don't believe it's going to get them the result they want in return for what they're paying it's really just that damn simple if you had a skincare product that everyone believ would make their wrinkles go away 100% you could charge $1,000 a bottle like G Peri does if you had a shoe that made people run faster people would pay thousands of dollars for it so they could win their races if you had a product that guaranteed delivered an Roi every single time and everybody believed when they saw your page they they actually truly believe that they gave you $1,000 they' make $3,000 $55,000 you wouldn't have any problem selling your product the problem is that's not the case and the way you're hitting your customers is not achieving these two things with a mix of this targeting Third Secret step right here this what I'm going to show you right here solves all of these so let's start from the beginning so I'm going to break down a funnel that I've been running at hyos but this applies to virtually anything so look this basically has two steps and what we're doing is we're building an ad funnel so what is an ad funnel an ad funnel is basically where you use a series of ads to get a person to a destination because in basic terms when you first interact with a customer and the last time you interact with a customer in completely different states of Minds the first time you interact with them they have no idea who you are or what you do or how you you have none of their attention whatsoever you don't even know what they're into okay and then by the end of it they do know who you are they've probably built some rapport with them and they're in a completely different state of mind and Report with you by the time they see your last ad so what we do is we use ads to build an initial relationship and then we use ads to close them and we go down this chain this is pretty common but the way we're doing it here is a little bit unique so how can we go and get their attention in the most maximal bigly way convince them that our product works this is how so what I've been doing at hyros and I will work anywhere else as you might notice we've been running some really goofy goofy ass ads if you've ever seen for example I'm not going to play all these ads right here CU they're really there's not much to them that I could break down quickly in a video I I copy wrote it and wrote all these ads but if you go and watch them which I'll link to one of them Below in the video it's very similar to The Squatty Potty famous ads you saw back in the day or the ads that purple used to run just goofy attention grabbing ads that really lay out the benefit of the product hey this is hyos here's a funny explanation of what we do we track ads in a way that maximizes revenue and on average businesses that come and use us make 15 to 20% more we guarantee it or you do not pay for it which we actually do if you want to track your eyes you come track us out but very simple that's the goal of this ad right here I want to catch their attention and introduce them to what we do and why we rock at it while setting up a good brand Rapport now this these ads right here are kind of expensive to make you got to have a crew and whatnot you can achieve the same effect of this for example if you've ever seen my my Pikachu ad on YouTube for hyos or you ever saw any of my ads for hcom or info products we used to sell if you can get a $70 green screen you can make funny ads you can if you don't want to be in the ad you can have someone come to your house I guess and read a script for you I don't know you might have to leave your comfort zone just a little bit to make millions of dollars in business I hate to break it too but these ads you don't need to have these high production value ads I've gotten the same effect in ctrs and whatever with just me in a green screen wearing a Pikachu suit or doing something creative and I'll link to a few of those uh lowbudget ads below here so why am I doing this all right so if you look at any AD platform you're able to retarget people that view your ads for a certain amount of time at least YouTube and Facebook I'm not super familiar with Tik Tok ads cuz if I go on that website I I get a case of AIDS almost immediately it takes me weeks to clear up I just don't go there anymore by all means you can do it but what these sites allow you to do is build audiences based on views so for example Facebook is going to allow you to send in everybody that viewed these funny ads now I'm going to go and target people that viewed these ads for more than 30 seconds why do I do this not 30% 30 seconds 45 seconds give or take the higher you increase this time right here the better the audience is going to be but it's going to be smaller so why do I do this I want to pull every single person that is interested in an ad about running ads more efficiently and so the ad is built for maximum attention okay and so I'm maximizing the amount of people that are interested in ads that will view this ad past 30 seconds I just want to build this giant audience nobody who's not interested in ads is going to be sitting around watching this ad video anybody that is is going to see this video and the fact that it's so weird and kind of unique is going to get them to view it for at least 3 seconds so then I have this big old audience right here that knows what we do and what we are essentially okay so all right hirers is that company that tracks ads guarantees an increase in ad spend Roi supposedly they they claim what they do is pretty special and I'll make more money if I use them so where is this person at right now they know who we are they know what we do we know what we promise but there's one thing missing right here so of course on these these ads right here I'm going to link to our website you know and if you go to our website I mean I think we have a pretty good website I've did all the copywriting and everything for these pages I think it's good but this isn't the the secret sauce right here I'm just send the website go find all your things maybe we can get into how this website is designed to convert later on but not right now what we're really missing in this situation is the fact that the customer does not believe in the result I mean why would they they just met me I'm I'm like Hey we're going to make you give us a, bucks we're going to make you like a billion dollars they're not going to believe me right away okay so that's fine because I have them in the Rapport state right now where they know who we are what we do and what we promise great so once they're on this big list right here what I'm going to do I found just works so much better than everything else is just go straight for the jugular with testimonials and then bash them over the head with what I like to call the testimonial page of Truth and Justice so what is this so I want to show you by far our best converting ad okay and this actually pisses me off because I like to do creative things I would love if I could make those big creative um high quality videos and those things converted but they don't really convert really well they just get attention they just get lots of attention and brand Rapport the thing that converts really well is this and it's so simple and it's so stupid that it makes me sad because I just have to do simple and stupid things all day it's simply add getting testimonials from as big and as many people as we can so if we go right here and you look at this ad right here we have testimon some some really big brands at hyros now are you going to have testimonials from famous celebrities and giant businesses when you start your business no you're probably not that's fine hrus is a business valued at hundreds of millions of dollars we've been around for like a decade we've built up tons of testimonials report and results over the years so of course don't expect to have those same results but if you want to see how to get testimonials and how to stack them up very very quickly at your business there's a video right below here that shows you how my exact process for getting testimonials results and famous people and Brands to use your company it's all right below this video so you build your way up to this and you use kind of a testimonial ladder to get to the bigger names and whatnot but I'm not going to talk about that right now cuz there's a whole entire video about it below so if we go to this ad right here you can see we just have endless testimonials from like giant Brands and really well-known people so obviously getting testimonals from really big Brands and well-known people is great obviously what do we want to put in these specific ads right here the most important and most impactful one is again what I just laid out right there but testimonies from your customers that are based around these specific results so for example when I see people running business ads B2B ads they put like customer support was great or wow such a warm great business I really feel successful with this no if you're a business or B2B ads business your only thing you want to have in the ads specifically if they're not from really well-known people if it's from a well-known pear just use whatever you're going to get but if you don't have that and you're giving it from customers it has to be based around the direct result AK we made money if it's B2B if it's skin care my skin is cleared up in this amount of time or what I feel works most of all or best in e-commerce if you can is some type of scientific proof so for example last last week I talked about how people are making a killing selling cotton gym clothes because everybody's getting plastic in their balls from their polyester shorts so our company I saw was doing really well put up a big old study on how everyone's balls are being savagely wrecked by microplastics that's a result right there the result is your balls don't get cancer or a really successful neut Tropic company that I saw back in the day what they did to make their ads appear way more legit is I got a bunch of independent studies and they showed all those results right there and eventually I think they got like a testimony from Joe Rogan so they combine these both together so those are the two things you're going to want to shoot for obviously testimonal from customers you should have those get them from as big as well-known people as you can and then use scientific case studies and backing and whatnot or for a really good example um from like the lower kind of B Toc you can see some school's advertisements where alosi is basically like um on average every single person that starts a school business makes at least $1,500 per month really great stats like that work really well now this is not the whole case of it what we're doing is we just hook them in with report so they know who we are and now we are undeniably proving that we get the result that they're looking for and is important to them now of course when they come to your site there's going to be games with price and how much the result is worth to them so for example if you're selling like a a guitar lessons course no one's going to be paying a 2K for that course unless there's something really special inside it or something whereas if you you're selling a business product that makes someone $220,000 per month you can easily charge them $1,000 per month no problem so again it's based on the products I think we all understand so I'm not going to talk about that but we're proving them undeniably that the result is there and so we have this huge audience of people that are target market have their attention now we're showing them a result and getting them interest what we have to do is we have to get them to click so preferably what you want to do in these ads I'm not doing this this one but we're running a new one starting this week that does is you want to remove all risk and give them a reason or an urgent reason to click the ad this is going to drive your CTR up and then also remove the friction so for example in our new ad when a person clicks it it points out at the beginning of the year people are going to be able to get our new AI Suite which is pretty sweet I'm not going to I'm done Shilling hos in this video let's just get you the content I think you're already sold anyways you'll be buying immediately after this video but what we do is we point out that if they click now they're going to get this upgrade or whatever for free so there's a reason to click now there's a reason to click now that's all that's really there it just has to be a reason to click now you can get even crazier with it like the price increases tomorrow what out but whenever you use massive crazy scarcity for example you see like internet marketers who have a new discounted onetime lifetime price every other week that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gets old with customers real quick so I I prefer really to be kind of lowkey and just have a very low subtle reason to click and then what I have right here is a guarantee like your ads grow you don't pay you want to have some bold crazy guarantee because you need to have a a big bed on the table moment so for example if I told you I can shoot a three-pointer from across the court uh 50 out of 50 times in a row you say well I don't believe you but I've said okay well here's $50,000 in the table if I go in the court right now and shoot 50 in a row you you have to pay me 50 Grand now what is that going to do because I just put 50 Grand down on the table you're a little bit more skeptical about judging me on there like if this guy's going to put 50 Grand behind us it he probably can do it that's the same thing with refund guarantees you want to use refund guarantees as a sales tactic in themselves so for example at hyros if your ads don't grow by 15% you don't have to pay for it if you don't want that's that sounds absurd so a person's like well if he's going to make this guarantee and they've been around for a long time this crap must obviously work especially since they have all these testimonials so now we're really laying into the person with these results results results and then what we're going to do is we're going to link them to what I like to call the results page of Truth and Justice what is this it is just a obnoxious page full of results so I think I told this story a few videos ago back when I used to sell uh little scuzzy scam products they weren't scams but they were this is about as lowlevel only fans internet marketing as you can get selling W so's on Warrior form woo that was some dark times back in 2012 is 2013 anyways so what are we doing on this page whenever I was on the forums people have these crazy long sales pages with like the the most wingding Dan Kennedy sales copyrighting you ever see you could you could tell they spent like a year writing this thing just oh just the chef's kiss what I would do that I found works much better is I would just make like a a post selling something I'd write like some short copy and then I would just Spam it with results I just Spam there just be pages and pages and pages and pages and videos and videos just like obscene amount you can't scroll past it you're not even going to attempt to scroll past the amount of results this converts so much better than everything else why cuz the only thing people really care about is if they give you money they get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] result if you had a skincare cream like I said that actually got rid of wrinkles and people believed it would do it they'd pay you $200 $500 a bottle for it all day Kim Kardash should be smearing on her butt and put it all over Instagram you'd be crapping money but the thing the reason why people don't buy your product is they don't believe it's going to get them the result that's really what it comes down to or in the rare cases you've completely priced it out of the market so you like have a skincare cream but it's 20,000 000 like no one's going to buy that but that's very rarely the case I'm going to assume most of you price your products at something relative to your industry so let's not Bame in on the price quite yet if anything you should probably be charging more which you can when you use this so you can say I have a sales video here and everything like that and um all you have to do is just go to H highs.com and hus results if you want to see this page just Google it but what do I do here I make the case in a very short video you can see this sales video right here by most standards is pretty Dam damn short it's like 6 minutes most people like 20 minute videos or whatnot and really the call to action in this video is within the first minute and a half what this really is because I don't expect people to watch seven minutes of ads I expect them to watch maybe the first minute so really what I want them to do and the whole entire pitch is made in the first minute you can go watch this video if you want or my video uh sales page scripts are all already on this channel then what do I do I just spend the entire page proving that it works because really people don't need to be sold too much on the features or what it does or all the things about it what they need to be convinced of it's it's going to get them the result they want and then we can figure out everything out out else out on the sales page or then they're going to go if you're not doing call funnels which not every bu business should do a call funnel they're going to go and investigate on the rest of the site now armed with the fact that you really get the result that they want and you have the person in the buying situation right now if they want this result and you do a good enough job explaining the rest of site they're going to buy they're going to book that call so you can see right here all I'm doing is one smothering them with well-known Brands and then showing them just Our Endless amount of customers that are getting results and then focusing when I use the customer results right here what I do is I highlight the money Parts okay all these videos right here what we focus on is money okay so you can see we've even gone and cut these ads down to the parts where the person's talking purely about money money money why because look as as great as our customer support is and as great as everything we do at high resist the only thing you care about is more money and so that's going to be the thing that gets people in the calls I don't talk about how our our highrisk exension tracks phone calls or shows them better which by the way I mean look at this one ad set right here 39 calls tracked by Harris 19 calls tracked by Facebook if I was running Facebook ads right here and only using Facebook tracking I'd have no idea where my calls are coming from I don't understand how you're going to buy ads effectively if you don't know where 50% of your sales are coming from but whatever just just keep running ads without tracking it's fine soft hyro shill I know but we're just going to smash them over the head with results and then what are we going to do after this we're going to complete the trifecta because I'm going to assume that when a person first clicks this result ad they're probably on their phone or something and I don't think people they don't they don't book calls as much as they do from phones and they they don't buy as much from phones as they should or maybe they were in a place where they didn't have their card ready they weren't ready to buy at that time so what we're finally going to do is when people come to this result page right here okay they come to the result page we're going to retarget them with more testimonials and video ads so when a person comes here what I'm going to start doing is hitting them with demo videos more results ads testimonials so what I do that's really effective is we take all of our customers testimonials are based around money and we cut out the 5-second 3 second Clips to where they're talking about money and then we just layer them on top of themselves for 60 seconds so it's just like I made money I made money I made money and you want to do the same thing for whatever your prodct the skincare is like I cured my acne I cured my acne if you have that gym short company I talk about like my balls are plastic free my balls are plastic free I don't have Aids in my balls anymore my balls fantastic wonderful experience I no longer piss blood um anyways you get the point and so this type of funnel strategy right here works like Gang Busters because it focus on the two things that people uh need to buy your product which is attention which We Gather and ability to Target them and then brutally absolutely harassing them with results you do these three things right here and then you make a pretty good do you just do a basically good job on the rest of your website the rest like the rest of your business by the way your product should work I if a lot of people are going to mess me like but Alex what if everybody uses their prodct and gets no results what do we do then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you I don't have time for this we got to get those results all right so you got to build a business that actually works and so this is the strategy I've been using it's so simple it's so dumb it works like crazy I mean this is this is this builds everything you could just do this like don't do anything complicated just do this now if you want to see the funnels that I'm using here link below in this video or at the end of the video you want to see the ad copy and the ad script I'm using link below or at the end of this video you want to see how I get all those testimonials there's a link in the description at the end of this video everything I know about advertising I just give away for free on this channel because I don't have info courses or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to sell you I just want you to make more money from your ads and then think to yourself wow I like way more money maybe I should track my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ads and see where my sales are coming on from so I can get them more cheaply and effectively instead of wasting tons of money on ads guessing and then maybe you'll use hyro so that's my thesis but don't stress about that just browse around the channel get some over the good content and juicy goodness apply the stuff make more money from your ads and uh subscribe and then I'll I'll come back and see you next video and we'll talk about some more ad stuff also by the way like 90% of you viewing this channel you're interested in ads but 90% plus of you are not subscribed this channel absolutely F when it comes to ads seriously there's no one on YouTube that has more access to ad data or actively not just running ads but also actively building the businesses the ads go through there's no one that's going to give you better information than me when it comes to getting people to clicky clicky your ads on the internet and then get them to buy your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so why don't you subscribe because I release a video every week and they're pretty good and I don't sell you anything I don't have an info product or some course or Mastermind or coaching program I'll just tell you what I'm doing so uh subscribe it's a good place to be [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: The BEST Facebook Ad Targeting In 2024 (10 to 1 ROIs)
VIDEO ID: aDuMhwiOSqw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDuMhwiOSqw
================================================================================

all right so Facebook audiences that absolutely money audiences that are so good you don't even have to be good at advertising you just copy paste these audiences in and oh chef's kiss you're printing money like crazy that's that's why you're here right and if you're like pretty much everyone else online you have this fascination with finding the ultimate audience that nobody else on Facebook knows about that just allows you to get sales on complete autopilot and it works 10 times better than every audience what's the secret magic sauce I'm going to give it to you in this video and when I say I'm going to give it to you in this video I can actually deliver because I have one little Advantage see I'm the CEO of hyos that means we track billions and billions of dollars worth of Facebook ads and so what I'm going to give you in this video is not just for my personal experience of spending tens of millions of dollars and generating literally hundreds of millions of dollars in results from Facebook ads and Google ads but what I'm also going to be giving you in this video is what I'm seeing working across the entire industry over and over and over again across thousands of businesses and again billions of dollars worth of Facebook ads spent these audiences right here and this strategy I'm going to give you for audiences is going to give you the most optimal targeting now you need to be using the right ad strategies the right funnels and selling the right things that's why there's all sorts of other videos on this channel that show you exactly what's working on Facebook ads right now and really actually working everywhere and another bonus is what I'm going to show you right here also is working best theory wise on Google so you can kind of take this mythology I'm going to show you right here copy it to Google get similar results and on top of that below this video I've linked to the best ad scripts that I'm using for this again these are just on YouTube I'm not selling anything on these channels and on top of this below this video I linked to a video with my exact ad scripts on Facebook that just plain straight up work these are what's working best for me right now I can't beat the conversion rates of these videos and again that's just going to be linked below this video when you get done here because that's essential to making these audiences work and like always this is all for free on YouTube I'm just giving literally everything away I'm not selling you a course or anything like that so without further Ado let's hop into these audiences so what I want to do is walk you through the audiences that I'm using however I run a very kind of specific funnel for SAS that focuses on very high ticket call funnel based sales you probably might be doing something in e-commerce or selling courses and so I want to explain to you the theory behind this so you can apply it to your businesses because this works stupidly well in e-commerce it works stupidly well in smaller core sales and I've used this to sell tens of millions of dollars worth of info procs and I've seen this working across businesses that are doing over $100 million you're in e-commerce and it's really more about how you think about people are interacting with your ads because when you look at Facebook ads in general the audiences have gotten more and more limited for example you used to be able to Target everything down to like what they liked there was way more audiences that Facebook was always updating now it almost does all the targeting for you so you really have to understand how people are interacting with the ads and how to funnel them to audience funnels now we're going to be having my ad account and just one General tip you should be using hyro for this everyone's going to roll their eyes and say oh Alex is talking about hrus again on this channel but I don't see how you're actually going to run ads efficiently you can see it here in hyos with the tracking that I'm doing I'm tracking calls in this example right here and you can see that Facebook in this example caught 84 calls hyros CAU 247 the tracking accuracy of Facebook just isn't there cuz Google and apple are constantly blocking their ad tracking they're constantly messing with how their conversion tracking works and it doesn't plug into your business at the depths that should to accurately track and so you're just not tracking all your sales and you're making wildly inaccurate ad calls off of data that just isn't accurate on top of that you should be feeding these metrics back to Facebook to optimize your targeting That's essential for these audiences because what I'm able to do is instead of using this right here these 84 calls I'm using the 247 calls right here and this is really bad if I'm using these 84 calls because it marks the 160 or so people that are actual calls or customers as non- leads as non- buyers as as emitting it from the data list which is bad because then it doesn't optimize to Target those people so please use hrus tracking or use some type of tracking out there which again you're not going to be able to do all the same stuff that hrus is doing with other tracking but please just use tracking it's essential for making these audiences work you can't pick audiences you can't pick what's working if you're not tracking all your sales and data you're just guessing it's like trying to pick the winner of a beauty contest when you can only see I don't know their feet or something and for some guys that might actually worked just fine wink wink okay let's not the grade degenerate humor on this channel but you get what I'm saying so what I want to show you is when it comes to audiences on Facebook you can really do a lot of damage with just basic audiences you can see for example in this ad right here and this is where you really want to start off at is I'm just targeting people that like Shopify okay so I'm just using basic targeting which is what you want to be using to start off your ads and you can see that I'm just doing Shopify so the first place you're going to want to start is just the obvious places that make sense when you're starting up your ad campaigns go find all the things that make sense if I put in Shopify right here and click suggestions it's going to give me a lot of suggestions I like using similar software similar influencers in the niche similar websites and Brands you can also go super wide with the big basic General audiences you can see right here I'm just doing advertising and marketing but what I'm going to start off with and where I like to begin ads add especially with these big giant audiences is I like to mix them together to make a mixed audience right here it's a very basic technique but if you're targeting an audience of 547 million people you want to layer it and so if you're really looking to get the most of your ad budget you could layer it multiple times so what we' want to do is it would click to find further and I can make this even better by coming down here and layering it okay so I could do everybody that's in advertising and marketing and also likes garyb uh and like and or like Shopify and or like Salesforce so find software and similar influencers as base audiences and then layer those with the big General audiences or you can just triple layer the big audiences on top of each other so for example we could do like seo seo and online marketing so we could layer these together with this and so that's going to give you your best base audiences and you can get a lot of damage done with these now I'm going to give you a little few extra tips we'll get into like the actual ads you should run in other videos but what you want to use on these ads is just pure coldhearted direct response ads So Below in this video is my actual script for cold response ads these are ads where you just go straight for the jugular and try to get them to come on and book a call or book a sale now if you're like a lot of other businesses this is probably not where you're going to make most of your profit at but the goal here is just to break even on these ads or if you're good you can make money on them I make money on our ads because I have a very specific High ticket funnel that prints money with Facebook and now again that strategy will be linked to the end of this video it's also Below in the description of this video but you really shouldn't be aiming to make a lot of money with your first touch ads so I want to explain this to you so you know how to start off because this is where it actually starts getting impactful because what we want to do is we have these first ads that come from Big audiences and what we want to do is we want to start building retargeting list based on this traffic and based on its Behavior now little bonus is if you already have people coming to your site you already have an existing brand you want to move to look like audiences you want to move to behavioral based lookalike audiences more importantly as fast as possible so if we're just using these audiences right here what I'm going to do is I want to retarget everybody that comes to the website okay so this going to be everybody that clicks that and comes to the website and what I'm going to hit them with is brand style ads and a mix of the cold response ads or the cold direct response ads that we used before so the ads we're using here we're going to bring down here here as well we're also going to run brand ads that are better for establishing Rapport because what you have to have in advertising right now to long-term make it work and print a lot of money is you want people to know who you are because you have to understand most people don't buy from ads if you can think back to your buying history for example I bought shoes yesterday online I didn't click ads for shoes I don't get any of the clothes I don't get a lot of software I didn't get anything that I actually buy from ads now you're likely the same I've never very rarely have bought something from a d my entire life 90% of what I buy online comes from researching or digging around are brands that keyword I'm aware of so what does brands that you're aware of mean it means ads and content that you digest passively so have you ever seen like a Geico commercial if I say hey name an insurance company you're probably going to say Geico if I say name an athletic company you're going to name brands that fit in your brain the same way that Geico does if I say name a Tracking Company I want for example people to think of hyros because they're saying these brand ads everywhere okay so I know that the people I'm targeting right here specifically the people clicking this ad for tracking in my examples but any type of business model out there there really aren't that many of them in terms of buyers and people actually buying these things so I want my my brand to be on their mind at all times and so what I'm going to do is I'm going to build an audience off of a few different things and we're going to do the same thing with our standard site tracking so when people click my ad what I'm going to do is I want to retarget everybody to click the ad and I'm going to create an audience based on that so that we're just going to do basic visitors but next I want to look at their actions okay so on your pages for example on our Pages there's a link to get a demo okay or on your pages if it's e-commerce on your pages if it's an info page there's Pages where they get more info or move down the funnel a little bit and so this is very important on our website hyros you can see there's a book Now demo so people go to this page right here now I'm going to start targeting and really focusing on building local like audiences off of people that get to this page right here because this shows interest in what we're doing a lot of people just click here click away might not be the best audience so what I want to do is everybody that clicks a button that shows interest so intent now of course we want to retarget all these people retargeting lists are easy you probably already know about that what we want to do is we want to create local likes off of this and then we create more look likes as we get deeper down the funnel so what I'm next I'm going to do is people that booked a call so everybody came to our thank you page and then finally a loal like audience off our customers these four audiences right here are going to give you the most oomph and you not primarily want to disregard these big broad audiences but you want to get down to this as much as possible because this is where you start getting the edge at and so we have visitors intent action takers and then customers now you should already have these lists in your business if you've been running your business for a long time but this is where you really want to focus on Facebook and really just stop if you can't make these audio audiences convert you're doing something wrong then what you do with these audiences and you're going to see them perform on different levels so for example your customer lookalike audience is probably going to perform the best and this means you can actually expand the lookalike audience to two to 3% audiences or if you're an e-commerce or something that goes really broad you can go much further so what I'm going to do on these audiences is if I see the customer audience at a lookalike of 1% working I'm going to make a 2% if the 2% works I'm make a 3% and you're going to see the results start to theg grade as you make it bigger and bigger and bigger for example in the tracking industry and AD tracking industry you're watching this right now if you look at the views on these videos or other views on ad channels there's really not that many of us the amount of people that spend over 20,000 50,000 a month on Advertising it's it's probably 100,000 200,000 people tops that's a lot of people but you can reach that entire audience base or I can reach the entire audience base of AD Runners on Facebook and you know with a couple thousand worth of AD spend I can reach every single one of those people you can see here the reach if we just go on yesterday and we spent $65 right here you know we only spent 200 bucks and we're able to reach about 2,000 people if I'm doing that in advertising it doesn't take me very long to make sure that everybody in advertising sees this this is a very small campaign right here so it depends on your niche in advertising I'm really going to cap out at the two 1% audiences now if you're in e-commerce it's going to go a lot larger now you just follow that process with all these if you see an audience working just expand it and what I'm going to do with these audiences is usually increase the ad spend by about 20% per day until I start seeing limited Returns on it or the the cost per customer starts to fall apart again if you're not tracking accurately you're not going to see when it starts to fall apart if I'm looking at my ad results right here in Facebook and going off of what it's telling me it's telling me me that my ads are falling apart like day one where as I look at the actual results it's wildly different okay I need to be operating off this number right here and optimizing my look likes and everything off this number if I'm optimizing off of this by default my my ads are falling apart the same applies to you even if you're your tracking looks good on Facebook there's so many more sales you're not tracking and optimizing for that could allow you to optimize 10 times better so again use tracking and so with these audiences right here I'm going to continue to use the cold direct response ads these are ads assuming a person's never seen my brand and I'm just going straight for the kill there's a lot of people that also want rareness ads first so people will put a video upfront of their brand just something giving content or value and then they'll start to retarget People based on watching that video that works very well in e-commerce so just keep that in mind you're going to run all these ads and everybody that views the ad or clicks the ad then you retarget them with a go for the kill hey buy my stuff kind of thing in tracking in my industry I just like to go cold upfront CU there isn't as much noise if you're selling something like a nutritional product there is thousands of different nutritional products out there hyros for example only competes with my opinion two to three other companies so I don't have to get past so much noise in other models you do if you're running like a let's say a pre-workout there are 6,000 other pre-workouts being ran to these customers you're going to need to build some brand Report with them so at this point what I'm do is that I'm going to build retargeting list off of people that visited the site people that have intent and not so much the thank you pages and buyers so I'm going to run retarding ads that have brand appeal to these audiences right here on top of hitting them with the cold ads cuz what I want them to do is I want them to start getting to know my brand over time maybe it's going to take 5 10 ads for them to actually become customers for example if I look at this this customer in a call that came in um yesterday you can see that they clicked an ad days ago and it took multiple ads for them to come in and actually become a customer with hyos you know they they had to actually go and click one ad and they had to click a retargeting ad and they went through all sorts of other stuff going on here so you're going to see I'm looking at ones that are like really crazy you're going to see there's there's people that have to click multiple ads this person had to click four ads before they came a customer so we constantly want to be building that rapport with them so that when they are ready to convert and they get hit with that cold ad that cold ad's going to do the damage that we need because of the Rapport we've built with them over time and I'll get into brand ads later on in this channel I would really Master this cold ad especially if your business is under the $50 million in sales Mark which I know seems like a lot but when you scale that actually comes pretty quickly because you can get to that $50 million in initial sales with cold ads all loan once you get to that $50 million worth of sales and a lot of Industries you've kind of started to run out of people that actually buy from ads and you need to start actually building a brand and they attracting on the people that don't buy from ads because a lot of people are going to see these brand ads for example and then they're just going to look up your website in their own time and then come back and buy which you need to be able to attribute as well again use hyros that's the type of audiences that I'm using IF as you can see a lot of people break down their audiences these big crazy scientific U multi- lawyered by AG group kind of thing you can let Facebook do most of the work for you in these instances the most important thing is how you build your retargeting lookalike list and you're going to have these core lookalike lists on your site you need to be retargeting and creating lookalike looks list of your visitors you need to be doing the intent so for example in e-commerce intent could be people that get to the cart page or do an ad the cart or view more than four pages in the site and of course making lookalike list of your buyers and customers that's going to give you these are probably going to be your best cold response audiences but you need to be able to Branch out of those so that in a nutshell is the big broad overview of what's working on Facebook right now I'm going to make some more videos showing you really specific like micro sniper strategies and specific audience tactics in the next few videos so be sure to subscribe and in the meantime why you just look at the scripts and the funnels that I'm using so you can actually see how we're monetizing these and making them profitable because the best audiences on Earth are not going to work unless you know how to convert them and script the ads in a way to get people to click and actually do what you want them to do so that being said this is the video I don't have anything else to add I'll catch you in the next one

================================================================================
TITLE: The #1 Lesson That'll Make You God Tier Rich
VIDEO ID: 86jundvBdRo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86jundvBdRo
================================================================================

so look this little strategy I'm going to give you is not just going to make your business convert turbo highly with ads it's going to make your business grow stupidly fast even if you don't run ads and if you do run ads to it it will be like pouring gasoline on Kryptonite and if you don't know the element of kryptonite it explodes when you pour gasoline on it I it's commonly unknown fact scoot over there he he he let me know that one he's a big cryptonite expert but seriously this is the crack cocaine of business this is the biggest secret ever it doesn't even have to so much do with ads which I try to stick to on this channel cuz I'm putting you on an ads retargeting list but now that I've trapped you on there I'll tell you the secret anyways so look there's a lot of businesses out there that you can build but most of them suck and are hard to build if you look at most software companies if you look at most e-commerce companies if you look at most infom marketing companies you're having to pull teeth and nails to get someone to buy and while you can build a brand and while you can build a big business around stuff like that I don't like that because those pitches are hard and I want a product that has simply one pitch if I'm going to build any type of business these days it's only going to have one pitch and that's I'm selling you a $100 bill for $20 now let's back up what does that mean I'm sure a lot of people think oh I already do that with my course business or with my Consulting business or my service business or I sell the result with my e-commerce business no no no no no no we want push button slap no effort statistically proven you press this button you make more money results now what does that mean so a lot of people watching this video think I'm going to say like you should make an info product course where you teach people how to make money and it's guaranteed no what I look for and the businesses that I build is in every single business model there is out there there is breakage so for example in the advertising space if you look at hyos and advertising it's one of my software companies and any software company I build it plays off the same exact angle it's how I make so much damn money and why I don't need to sell you courses on this channel because I sneakily running a way more efficient funnel than selling courses but let's let's back up in it if you look at the advertising industry and you look at people running Facebook ads or Google ads any ads tracking isn't very good because you have to put tracking like alien xenomorph on every single part of the business and so Facebook Google everything doesn't plug in as it should and it never will and because of this people Miss 20 25% of where all their sales come from so this results in bad data being fitted the AIS results in bad results when they come to buying ads it lowers their ad efficiency just immensely so hyros fixes that so if you take a business that's making $200,000 a month and they plug hosin it instantly makes them 10% more so they're making $10 $20,000 more per month at this point in time I can easily charge that business $1,000 $2,000 per month no problem easy why because they're already making $220,000 per month and then they don't leave because if they leave then they stop making $20,000 a month and so what happens in this situation I have the easiest sale in history I get if I get that person on a phone call and say hey so here's your ads okay are you using tracking no okay so what's going on with your ads is how much are you making per month 240,000 200,000 okay you could be making $220,000 if you just cut this waste here in your ad account and you actually tracked your sales also here in your ad account do you see this right here there's a little bit more to that but literally I'm saying hey do you want to make an extra 10 $20,000 per month that's what every pitch needs to be but not just saying that it has to be push button as as well so what does that mean with hyros you install a tracking script you do what the customer support says you have this tracking you start making more money now this isn't a pitch for hos I want you to lay out and think about how we can make this in other products in every single industry in the entire world construction shoe making ammunition every business of the world there is some breakage point in the business I've never seen a business where there isn't some inefficiency in the logistics or some part of where the customer starts and where the customer ends up which is fulfillment of the product there's always something broken in there whether it's the customer support whether it's how they're shipping things whether it's how they store their data whether it's where they're getting their data from there's always something that is inefficient in that business and at this point in time all you need to do when you're looking around for a business to start is you find what is broken in businesses if you're poor and don't have money to invest you fix that that's your service you get you get a team of people you put them together and you fix that breakage you don't want to go and sell what everybody else is selling like an agency like oh I'll just run people's ads no everybody's selling that find weird ass businesses like the lighting industry like doctors I can't tell you how many people have made weird little businesses that fix breakage in doctor's offices that made millions and millions of dollars chiropractors look at Alex rosi's gym launch for example no one thought about fixing breakage in gyms he did he made fck tons of money but that was a service later on he actually went and made a software for the gyms as well that plugged into their customer support and everything guess what he made tons more money fixing breakage and so the reason why this converts so well from ads is is it's so damn easy to do a few things one it is so easy to get people coming through cuz you are promised them guaranteed money for doing nothing and you can actually back it up and do it the hardest thing that most course businesses have and they're put into this unfair situation because the promise lad in course industry has been escalated to the point of insanity if if you're not promising a person making will make a million dollars in their first year with your course you you're you're behind all the competition and the size of the promises you're promising it's really it's really bad race to the bottom over there same thing with agencies and stuff like that it's just too competitive but if you can find the right Niche you can actually promise and back it up people will get on the phone with you all day and all you have to do is prove that it works through testimonials and just pointing it out and then guaranteeing it so for example at hros when we back up and prove everything in their account we say also you have like a billion day refund guarantee like we'll just give you your money back if you don't make 15% more hyos has been around for half a decade now obviously the guarantee has worked it gets everybody across the Finish Line you can't offer that type of guarantee in any other type of business and then finally it makes it incredibly easy to get testimonials because then you can reach out the big people small people any people and say hey will you put this in your business and let it make you more money for free it will fix this thing in your business it's a gap you know it's a problem you know your accounting system's will you put in your business for free and if it works will you just give me a testimonial they say yes you do that 15 times you have 15 testimonials you get people on a phone call you show them the 15 testimonials you get them on the guarant and voila easiest ads to run ever hey do you want to make more money guaranteed click here get on phone call sell it to them this is why any business I build at the moment it has to fit that criteria even new products I launch at hyos right now or other my other software companies if we're talking to devs and we're talking about features the criteria is does a customer push a button and make more money doing nothing or very little and do it become such an asset to their business they can't quit if it doesn't fall in that situation don't build it if it does build it right away and again if you're if you're I don't want to say poor I use bombastic language on this channel if you don't have the funds to start a software company you make a service that fixes breakage very specific breakage in companies not what everybody else is doing find very specific problems and very specific business models and fix that then you can specifically speak to those business models and lower them in and then actually deliver and have them happy and paying you for years it's a secret to everything just do this you don't even need anything else on this channel there's no other business courses you need this is all you need to do the second I stopped trying to fight tooth and nail and sell services and software everybody else is doing and just focused on focus on specific Industries and their breakage and doing this it's never been hard at all to make tons of money so you should do it too so if you want to see the actual ads that I run to bring businesses in they're over here somewhere somewhere on this page video if you want to see the funnel I run it's around here somewhere as well and if you want to see how I gather up all those testimonials and get people promoting my procs for me like I talked about in this video this on the video as well and if you want to see scoot he's over there that's it goodbye

================================================================================
TITLE: Brutally Simple Beginner Ads That ALWAYS Make Money
VIDEO ID: eCzmB_qHBn4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCzmB_qHBn4
================================================================================

what I'm about to give you in this video is probably the most foolproof method of all time when it comes to advertising if you just apply this it's almost impossible not to make money you can be a beginner selling boogers and this will still work for you I'm in fact using this exact ad method on you right now you're literally in the funnel you're in The Matrix you're absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you giving me money is imminent just kidding but but kind of sort up and what this is is the patented trid dented bolded YouTube retargeting ret YouTube retargeting method I'm using all sorts of big business words to act like I know what I'm talking about but trust me this thing right here has absolutely for me for years and if you just apply it you can only use this advertising method I think you could build a seven figure business or add another seven figures to your business just doing this so let me explain and I'll explain it by explaining what is happening to you right now so look let's address the elephant in the room I have a pretty large software company I've made a lot of money in my day doing online marketing why on Earth am I making a video channel about business ads why on Earth would I possibly do that very simple if you notice the titles of all my videos if you notice everything I'm doing here it has the word ads in it f focuses on Facebook ads and if you notice this kind of kills the views a little bit I only get like 10 20,000 views per video trust me I could make self-help videos or videos about not drinking or no fap get hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views why the heck am I making ad videos it's very simple the people that watch these videos you you own a business you spend money on ads thus I assume you have money and the only people I want watching this channel are people that fall into that demographic so I'm very specific with my titles videos and thumbnails to always focus on ads so that people who are not interested in ads do not watch this channel why well if you've ever watched other channels usually people use this to get you on their Channel and then Hawk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at you they're going to sell you a course or something like that I'm not selling you courses why because selling courses doesn't make that much money it's a pain in the ass I like running businesses that make lots and lots of money if I wasn't so godamn talented yeah I'd be selling you a course right now but I've I work at the higher level joking but not on a real note though courses yeah you can make a lot of money doing courses I'm not pooping on you for selling courses but it's really hard to scale courses to the level of a more complex business like SAS or e-commerce it's just a little bit more tough but anyways that's my random about courses everybody thinks I hate course sellers no course sellers are awesome they make the world go around I just think as you evolve in business you should move on from course selling into higher levels of marketing for example if you go check out Alex Hero's Channel he's yeah selling little lowlevel courses but how does he really make all his money attracting businesses into the channel and in buying those businesses see how he's kind of worked his way up the totem pole there same thing I'm doing right here see on this channel everybody that comes into the channel comes into a nice little funnel and you get added to a retargeting list every time you watch one of these videos then what do I do well on this channel the first thing I do is I make sure to deliver to you red hot fire content with nothing asked in return why this gets you to watch the channel it gets you to trust me now there's a really cool thing that then happens after this if you go and apply what I'm talking to you about with ads you're going to make more money from your ads and if you want to make more money from your ads I'm going to assume that you also want to make more money than you're already making from your ads so my software company hyos if you plug it into your ads on average you're going to see about 15 to 20% more money coming from your ads just by tracking it accurately and feeding the data back to AIS so let's back up and look what's going on here I'm just going to sit here and help you blatantly to attract your attention to this channel cuz you are the Target demographic for my software company then whenever it Dawns on you that you want to make more money you will probably think of my software company and as you're watching around YouTube one of those software company ads is going to hit you either when you're searching on YouTube or on some website in the gdn network thus I'm building a absolutely perfect list of people that will buy my software and I'm doing it in a way that just purely helps you there's no point in any of that transaction where you lose even if you buy hyros it doesn't work there's like a thousand day refund guarantee on the thing so again there's no point in this situation where you lose and this is one thing I want to back up point up to you you want to create a situation where your customers never lose throughout the entire process of interacting with you what a lot of people do is they get people on the YouTube channel they help them out and then they lower them in businesses and products where the product doesn't really work and then they keep their money and don't refund them or they deliver a bad product how many influence do you see they run videos and then they deliver a bad product big tip I'll give you is once you get people actually to buy something from you don't them in the ass that that's that's the that's the Becker business tip of the day for you but all honesty that's what a lot of people do they focus so much on the sale nothing on the delivery just a beginner mistake in business so how do we back this all up to you the most effective advertising method ever is you make YouTube channels that are very specific and hopefully targeting people that have money you don't want to make these big all fitting YouTube channels so if you look at my main YouTube channel I have millions of subscribers but I talk about literally everything on there all the way from crypto to self-help to not drinking alcohol that that retarding list is nonsense there's nothing of use on there because it's a hobby Channel what we want to do is we want to make micro channels where we focus on very specific things and in my opinion you should focus on something where the demographic has lots of money that's why I like business to business you're not going to get a lot of views or at least not as many views as you would if you made some mainstream entertainment channel that doesn't matter if you have a retarding list of 30,000 people 20,000 10,000 people that like you have money and are your Target customer you can spend 20 30 bucks a day on YouTube ads just retargeting them and make tons of Mone doing that and so backing it all up here why am I doing this channel very simple it has built me a retarding list just in the past few weeks of 60,000 people who are interested in running paid ads how many people on planet Earth are watching YouTube actually run ads not that many I'd say under 100,000 I can order remarket and have a retargeting list that is better than any AdWords targeting I can ever get ever and this is why it's so damn powerful cuz not only is it the perfect demographic in list the list also knows me and so this is just something I don't think occures to many people and if you're targeting high value demographic businesses let's say we have 60,000 people on that remarketing list if I get 500 of those people on hyos that's millions and millions and millions of dollars a year added to our Revenue so think about with your business how can you make a channel that attracts people that are your Target demographic look at Alex Hero's channel for example I don't think he does these retargeting ads but he has all these business owners on there all he has to do is run a little retarding at at 10 bucks a day and he can attract multi-million dollar businesses to come to his workshops or his acquisition f Fel never even having to actually go out and run broad cold traffic this why this method absolutely rocks if you want to see the scripts I use for the ads that I run to these remarketing list it's right here if you want to see what I sell primarily a funnel that I use it's right here if you want to see my dog he's right there that's the video

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Made $76,633,112  Spamming "TRT" Ads
VIDEO ID: OmVcuh8r8fY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmVcuh8r8fY
================================================================================

so do you run ads but you're a degenerate lazy piece of you don't want to put any effort into it you want your ads to just convert despite you using the same ad images the same text and copy heck you can just throw it in AI pop it out just throw that diarrhea all over Facebook and you use the world's ugliest landing pages and you still convert at crazy amounts does that sound good to you of course it does because you know why you're a degenerate piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I like you like putting absolutely no effort into my ad so what I'm going to show you in this video is actually something that allowed me to put almost no effort into my ads and take my business from zero to over $30 million per while keeping my ad cost very low that is on about $3,000 A Day In AD spend the returns I get on my ads are absolutely alarming they make everybody else's ad spend look small beta and very non- Giga Chad and I'm going to give this technique to you and then you can just use it forever and and forget everything you know about sales copywriting landing pages and just do this cuz it works so much better it makes your ads convert so so so much higher in fact when I've given this to people with with their ads even if they're semi beginners it's allowed them to just stop doing everything else just focus on this and their business grows and their ads are instantly almost guaranteed profitable because this is just that damn effective and this is what I like to call the testimonial letter now like other videos I like to try and keep these short if you want to see the ad targeting for this the way I actually make money and monetize this there'll be links to those at the end of this video also in the description you should check those out cuz that's the entire part of the system and as a added benefit I have no course to sell you because I've actually made a ton of money already doing this I'm just Sly adding you to a remarketing list for hyos right now so I just give away everything on this channel so you can grow your ads and then when you're like hey I'd like to make more money for my ad I'll just add hyros in and then you'll make 15 20% more like that which will be proven to you in this video as well but hyos isn't required for this in fact being an intelligent individual not required for this at all you can be a baboon level ad Runner and you'll beat everybody and it's using what I like to call the testimonial ladder using this simple pattern allowed us to take hyros from 0 to $30 million per year it allow to take info businesses from0 to $10 million per year I've seen this work and actually just works everywhere because it's the base of how to get people to do what you want so what exactly is this let me explain the testimonial louder process is simply a process of getting testimonials from people and then using those testimonials get larger testimonies for more repal people and then advertising it and then repeating that process over and over again till the world ends now this sounds really simple it's advertise your testamental yeah but you have to understand how to do this in a specific way and if you do this in a spef specific way your business will start from absolute scratch to working its way up to getting the largest testimonials in the industry from the biggest names and then once you have that you really don't need much else you can mess up everything else but if you have the biggest names in an industry saying hey this works and then hundreds of testamental is also saying this works you don't need to do anything else let me explain so how does this work it essentially involves getting early testimonials for your product and then using that to stack other testimonials let me explain so very early on my career when I was a stage 10 scumbag I would be launching procs on the warrior Forum now you have to be about 60 years old to uh remember what the warrior form is this is back when you actually had to learn how to do internet marketing on your own it was the Wild Wild West cowboy days of it and uh so what I would do is I go in these forums and everybody had these really long form copy Pages they have all this stuff convincing you to buy their little scammy scuzzy project and I was like hm I I think the better way to do this would actually be to a make a product at works first this is one of the first requirements is but two what I would instead do instead of making these long copies and trying to persuade people to do it I would just go and get testimonies from 20 30 people I would give them the product the product would work they'd leave a testimoni and I just make pages with hundreds and hundreds of testimonal on and then people would buy that was that was literally the only copy on the page it' be a little Snippets headlines and typical stuff then hundreds of testimonials and so what I started doing for all of my businesses is I would go and launch the business I get testimonials and I would advertise those testimonials and I would stack the testones up to a large obnoxious amount and then just advertise that and this allowed me to absolutely crush it in info marketing making tens of millions of dollars per year but when this really took off is when I started sniper focusing this to get larger testimonals and larger testimonals and piggyback it and then use that to take over an entire industry so let me explain to you how I did this in info marketing and hyos and you can kind of see how to do this in your industry so when I launched hyos for example a the product works if you put hyos onto your ads with a combination of print tracking and a optimization you simply make 15 to 20% more from your ads this is proven this is factual we have a 90-day guarantee on it that if a person comes on and their ads do not scale they don't make more money from it they don't pay for it because it just simply works so that's the first Barone thing you got to do the next thing you want to do is when you launch your product you need to find your first Core 10 power customers these are people that really want to use your product and you just give it to them for free now if nobody wants to use your product even though you give it away for free you probably don't have the right product Market fit and I'll talk about that in an entire other video Let's imagine you have a lot of people that actually want to use your product and they get results from it you get these 10 people on board and then you get them to leave 10 testimonials okay specifically you want to get these people in the same industry so if I'm doing info marketing or marketing my product at hyos to agencies that run ads for info businesses what I did is I went and got 10 info agencies and I let them use it for free and I should I showed them hey you plug this into your ads it makes more money they plugged into their ads they made more money so then what I use that for is to then run ads to pages that had all their testimonials on this and I use this to start getting more agencies and businesses similar to them in the info space in but here's where it gets very very interesting once you have this amount of testimonials what this allows you to do if your product is unique in a market space for example if you have a product that everybody else has you're going to have a hard time getting really big well-known people to use it but if you have a product that is unique you can basically reach out to businesses large well-known businesses and offer it to them for free free get them results and then simply ask for a testimonial so what we did at our business is I took these testimonials we initially had to start getting my initial customers from ads that's that's literally all I did I got 10 testimonials and I ran a simple sales page with a video and these 10 testimonials and book a call but where this really turned in the fire is when I took these 10 testimonials and I reached out to specific agencies so for example I reached out to Tony Robins Ad Agency I reached out to clickfunnels I reached out to Big names like Sam ovens in our Grant card in fact if you just go look at hris we have testimonals from basically everyone in the infom marketing space why because what I did is I reached out to these businesses starting from maybe a smaller tier so I'd find a really big well-known person in the infom marketing space let's say Dan Henry okay Dan is a little bit more private back in the day but this person was pretty big in the industry okay so then what I do is I get results for Dan Henry for example and then I use that to reach out to someone who was at a little bit higher level and say hey we just got him results right here do you want to try this out out I can pretty much guarantee it work you come on for free if it does work for you you just leave a testimonial and so we use this to go higher and higher up to the point where we were working with the biggest names in the industry and then we'd use one testimonial from a big name in Industry to lure around another person so for example we got Grant Cardone results with hyros you got his ad team results with hyros and then we reached out to Tony Robbins ad team and we slowly started getting all these big names on hyros simply by doing that and then collecting a testimonial then what do you think I did once I had those testimonials all we did is we started running ads to our website focusing on these testimonials so for example check out this page right here okay you can see it's just an obnoxious level of results across the entire industy now hus does so much more outside of info now so we have testimon from everybody SAS companies like click phonos Playboy and e-commerce influencers and e-commerce I don't want you to focus on that right now because this applies to the same thing if I'm doing it in e-commerce I'm doing it in SAS right now I'm going to repeat this process in any business that I'm doing but then what I would do is I'd run ads with these testimonials and then send people to Pages like this it is just an endless page of results that our business has gotten because the only thing that people really care about and the only thing that people really believe is results and convincing results from people that they know in an industry you don't just want to grab random testimonials you want to grab targeted testimonials from Big names and well-known people and then you show them the endless congol line of results you've gotten for more normal or less well-known businesses and you just keep it coming you keep stacking you keep stacking and keep stacking it then you start to pitch and you can see at the bottom of this page we just have a simple booking form that's it this page has almost no copywriting on it it is just endless results I've ran this page in a format on clickfunnels that's very very very ugly much worse looking than this and it actually worked better than this good-looking page now of course we want to have other parts of our site we want to you know have other features and things that are going on in our business but this is really what it takes and then once you have the big names in your industry well here's how you expand the business even more you use those big names in your industry to springboard in other Industries so for example we're working like with a big brand like Playboy we go and show them all the testimonies we got from Big names and infom marketing say hey this will work in e-commerce for you use it repeat the process then use that to get more testimonials in e-commerce what about SAS same thing we're doing right now at hus right now for SAS working with clickfunnels got click funnel results show other SAS companies start building a Rolodex of SAS companies same thing with a agencies find big well-known agencies in their agency space repeat that process and you use this process to keep expanding the business endlessly because again all we're doing is we're getting testimonials we're using those testimonials to get bigger testimonials then we advertise the bigger testimonials with all the smaller testimonials underneath them and this can be essentially all your ads boil down to this is such a simple stupid concept that allows you to run ugly landing pages basic advertising and get Superior results to pretty much everyone else in your industry you can stop focusing on making really high all the ads and having the world's best meta Tik Tok YouTube targeting advertising management you can just focus on this and then the final snippet to why this really works really well is eventually everyone in your industry or in the niche you're targeting just starts to see these testimonials all the all over the place all the time and they're going to think of your business whenever they do actually want to become a customer now with this if you want to see how to actually run the ads the scripts for this I have my YouTube ad script my exact ad scripts right here I have how I monetize it right here and I have the type of products I like like to sell best with this type of funnel right here this is all the information you need I have nothing else to say to you go browse around the channel learn some more young Padawan I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: The #1 Reason Your Facebook Ads Fail
VIDEO ID: wimlzhQrX0o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wimlzhQrX0o
================================================================================

so before you run any ads especially if you're a beginner but this super duper applies you if you're Advanced and you actually do something that takes investment you have to do this this is going to guarantee that when you actually start to spend money on ads it will work it will give you a basically green light to actually start running ads for your business and know that they will work and you can scale them to the Moon without you investing any money effort or time and the reason you want to know this is because 90% of people not just beginners but Advanced people all the way to me if you don't do this you are going to launch ads you're going to make a new product you're going to launch a new business this is where it gets really nasty if you're just launching businesses without doing this you're going to lose so much money and then you put it up on advertising and then it doesn't work for example I made a supplement company back in a day I made a whole webinar from it from it I invested into the products the manufacturing the whole shebang and then I launched ads and it didn't sell well at all it it it was like selling old teeth and if you don't know I don't know if you ever tried to sell old teeth via ads it doesn't work I don't know why the Market's not there maybe it's just I'm before my time in 2025 selling old people's teeth going to be crispy but for real you just need to do this one thing and this will fix all of it it is called baking muffins so what does this mean and how does this apply to your business so baking muffins means making as little as you can to test whether a business or product idea works so like all these videos I try to keep these short so if you want to see the actual YouTube ad scripts I use for this how I test the ads for this on Facebook the funnels I like to use these will all be linked at the end of this video and unlike other channels I don't have some course to tell you because I've already made a comical amount of money actually doing this so you can just sit back relax and take your skeptical glasses off so what does this involve well let me just give you a situation how I could have determined whether that e-commerce business that I made would have worked or not so I made all these supplements these biohacking supplements and whatnot I made a big old webinar for them all the manufacturing everything you know what I could have done instead of investing all that money time and effort I could have just made the sales page and then the first graphics for the ads and website and then just made an e-commerce store and then ran ads to that e-commerce store without having a product just made the big old page and then the pitch and everything in fact I could have skipped the pitch and just made a basic e-commerce store and see if that even gets traction but I know what you're thinking but Alex what if they come to the store and buy well right before they buy I could have just not accepted their credit card and I could have counted that as a conversion wait what am I what am I saying here am I saying run traffic to websites that don't actually have a product on them run traffic to pages that sell products that don't actually exist and don't collect money yes that's exactly what I'm saying here why let me explain so look the most damaging thing you can ever do in business is spend a month making a product making all this stuff without confirming that the market actually wants it or most importantly that it will sell from ads see a few videos ago I talked about how to build your business around what the market wants in terms of advertising how easy is it to advertise your customer how unique is your product to get it to your customer and how easily will you be able to run ads at a high profit margin because you are targeting or running ads in a way that is highly profitable you design the business for ads but before we even go and design a business we don't want to spend months and tens of thousand of dollars or hundreds of thousand of dollars or 500s of dollars I don't know what range of business you're in making a product and all these things and then it goes to ads and it doesn't work what is so much easier to do is you make the pitch or the product offering without ever doing anything else so for example let's imagine I went and just made an e-commerce website selling a protein powder let's say I have an idea or a spin for protein powder and I want to see if it works what I can do is I can make a simple onepage or mostly empty website we don't want to put a ton of time into this maybe we have a homepage and then just the product page selling it I'm assuming at this point you've been to an e-commerce webs site where they sell protein powder or something like that we put the whole pitch we put an image of the product on the page we have everything that we use to sell and then what we do is we send traffic to that page and if it doesn't convert we assume hey this product sucks people don't actually want this and what we start doing is we start then running traffic to different variations of our idea so we're let's say we have a protein powder that has vegetables thrown to it then we have a protein powder that increases your IQ and then let's say we have a protein powder that improves your skin I don't know okay and so what we do is instead of going and making a formulation or building a business around all three of those products what we're instead going to do is we're going to run traffic to the page and the person will go through the site just like any other site say we're using Shopify in this example right here we can build the entire website up until the cart checkout we can even take the person's credit card and payment information and then just refund them instantly or not take the payments at all and if you take payments while doing this you are a stage five poople head and I'm not suggesting doing that what we want to do is we want to say hey if I spend $100 on ads right here how much money will I make back and very quickly we'll see oh wait this this product is actually clicking and advertising this product is something that people are actually buying and so we start running traffic to these pages and of course we're going to lose money doing this but not as much money and time as we would have lost if we launched the entire business and it didn't work and then what we're going to quickly do is we're going to have the market tell us what variation variation one variation 2 variation three or even confirm entire business model all together they're going to tell us what they're looking for and then then what we're going to do is we're going to go and start actually building the product and making the advertising for this see what a lot of people do is they make the entire product business advertising funnels everything before even testing if the market wants it that is like baking an entire wedding cake without tasting what it tastes like it's like baking an entire wedding cake without checking if people actually want it instead what do people do when they're baking wedding cakes for weddings they make dozens and dozens of little cupcakes and then they give this to the person who's having the wedding and they say which cupcake do you like the most and they go this cupcake and then they make the entire wedding cake this is what we are doing with ads so for example what could I have done better when I was launching my SAS companies like hyos and my original autoresponders and other SAS companies well a lot of times I'd launch a SAS company and the product would fall flat and I'd be like oh this doesn't work for mads I wish I just hadn't invested hundreds of thousands of dollars to see if this works or not what I could have instead done is made maybe just a sales page for the software and then a call booking page and then had when it start getting calls start actually doing the calls and then at the end of the call say hey by the way this product isn't here yet but you can get on the wait list and I can contact you when it's here this would have saved me bazillions of dollars in time because I can get this entire process right here done in about two days and see what SAS prodct will actually get me calls or customers coming in same can be done in e-commerce same can be done with virtually anything I could have made a mock software or a video of a software that doesn't exist I could have just had the UI put together and then a video running the product but it's really just a scripted video of me running something that looks like the product but it's not actually here and then see how people respond to that run ads to that you can even also use this when Gathering feedback and initial feedback on your product as well always always do this because again what we want to do is we want to build businesses based around what will work in advertising what's going to work easily advertising so that we can scale it really far and if we want to see what's going to do that without going investing tons of time and tons of money we can go and make little muffins or empty businesses that don't actually sell anything but look like they sell something and then see how the market responds to that first when we see a powerful response then we take everything down we take the magic lightning that we just discovered then we bottle that up then we make the product and then we go berserk with the ads and that's how you're going to almost guarantee it your ads will work day one so that being said if you actually want to see how to run the ads I have my entire ad script everything I do in video ads right here you want to see how to actually grow this business and actually find the best advertising for it once you kick it off once you take it from the fake empty product to a real product this is right here and you want to see in my opinion the best ad funnel or the best way to sell a product well that that's oh my gosh just confusing where I point at it's somewhere on this video popped up on the screen right here I have nothing else to tell you I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Scaled Facebook Ads To 76 million $$
VIDEO ID: Nj8GsJfYDgE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nj8GsJfYDgE
================================================================================

the way most people test their ads on Facebook YouTube Tik Tok is stupid as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's the most complex bureaucratic dumb process I've ever seen because what they're doing is they're testing too much at once in this video I'm going to show you a testing process you can use on any AD platform ma let's just call it Facebook I don't like calling it Ma we're going to call it Facebook Zuckerberg the name sticks this small ad Channel we've made the decision but Facebook Google Tik Tok this works everywhere and if you do this the ads are going to print money let me show you what you need to be doing instead so at my business hyos I speak with people that run ads all day long and we do a lot of their stats and analytics so I get all sorts of requests for all sorts of ways to split test their ads and analyze them and if you use Facebook at all you're going to get lost and because I used to do this and then my ads would get stuck at a couple million dollars per year in Revenue now our ads are doing near $30 million a year and I spend way less money on ads cuz the ads are just that much better and it doesn't come from having masterful copywriting or some magic sales funnel it understands what the customer is looking for and how to maximize that because that's what matters in ads and so there's a lot of different variables in ad testing and people get caught up trying to split test a thousand variables on the ad and so what they're going to do is they make an image or a video then they have the headline then they have the description and then they have the landing page and then they all these things there's so many different things going on and what they do is they try and test all these all at once and so they're looking at the video and then they're like well I also want to see like how the headline did and then how the description did and then what's the optin rate on the landing page this is so stupid because you will never actually get a coherent answer on what the customer wants and what's going to get them to convert here is what you want to do so the first thing you need to do when you're doing your ads is you have to understand the message that is going to convert customers what is the main thing that they want and is going to get them to do anything if I say I have a vehicle I want to sell you it's going to give you AIDS and then I say I have a vehicle I want to sell you it's going to make you better looking the one that says it's it's better looking is going to get more honey is going to get more customers than the one that's going to give you AIDS I know it's a very simplistic metaphor that I just made but what you need to understand about the point that I just made is If the message is correct it doesn't really matter how you say it obviously the message that is better and hits the customer correctly is going to convert higher than anything else you said and so what you need to First do with your ads is you don't even try to split testing videos you don't even try split testing headlines and descriptions and find the micro CPM whatevers that are going on that every single other media buyer and agency buyer does they try and make their ads grow through complication instead of Simplicity what you instead do is you find the message that connects with the customer remote so let's say I'm running ads for hyros and I've done all this since the beginning of time in hyros so I already know the answer is this I can run ads around tracking as the main benefit I can run ads around scaling as the main benefit I can run ads around saving money as the main benefit I can run ads around AI optimization and so what you do when you first start running ads is you don't you don't worry about any of the micro testing you want to go and make let's say in this situation five videos or five different ads focusing on a different message and you send people to a very generic landing page whether it's to get a call an opin or a sale okay the landing page is just simply not optimized and so what you want to do with this is you don't look at the micro testing right here you look at what message gets people clicking the most and buying the most now if you want to get a little bit more specific with this we can make a landing page for each one so for example I could make a highis landing page where the top headline Focus around tracking scale saving seven each and then I want to see which ad performs the best and that's going to tell me usually which message people are most interested in then when I'm going to do once I find it let's say scaling is the top message okay then what I'm going to do is I'm going to start testing and optimizing around that so I'm going to get rid of tracking savings AI uh this generic page right here and I'm going to go back to drawing board again so what we're doing is we're testing one variable at a time first variable we tested was the message okay so now I'm going to make all my ads scale so what I'm going to do is I'm going to make a landing page based around scale I'm not going to optimize it more than once it's just going to be one landing page based around scale whether it's the opt-in call that's the focus of the landing page that's the only focus we're not going to try and Pitch tracking a optimization all this other stuff in that we want to get the main thing that people are interested in and when people use hyos on average their ad scale another 15.3% this is tested across thousands of businesses major companies like Tony Robbins Playboy basically every influencer in the space Pier One Etc they all use it for that exact purpose that's why we literally have a guarantee that if you don't see that scale you don't pay for it and those selling points are what I'm going to focus around and it's also why you're pretty goofy if you're running ads and not running hyros everything I just stay there 100% on point but back to this I'm going to make the landing page just around scale and then what I'm going to do is I want to get back to testing one variable so I'm going to make five different ads all with the same headline all with the same description I'm just going to make five different videos okay one 2 3 4 5 and in these videos what I'm going to do is I'm only going to focus on the hooks in the video they're all going to be focused around scale so there's going to be the beginning of the video and then there's going to be the rest of the video the rest of the is going to stay exactly the same and what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at what Hooks perform well the first 5 to 10 seconds the first 10 seconds of what happens in the ad and I'm going to see the hooks that do best okay once I see the hook that does best I'm going to restart that again again the headline descriptions everything else is not being altered right here this is the core difference what most people doing is they're testing all these things at all times all the time I'm going to look at the hooks that did well and then I'm going to go grab that hook that did well and then make five other variations of that hook maybe with different positioning where I'm at wherever so a lot of videos I started off the video with like an Iron Man USB it was very attention grabbing and I'd say this copy and paste this little script and will improve your ads 15% or something like that that was one of the earlier ads at hus when I saw that worked best I made five different variations so I put like a version of the code in the top hand corner or I'd be at a computer screen already with the results already being shown I just make different variations of that hook once you've done that once it's good enough all right like stop optimizing the hook now what we want to do is we want to go and optimize the middle of the video so let's imagine we've narrowed it down the three hooks so we have three hooks then what we want to do is we want to make three different middles of the video or ad if you're using image ads you can just stop here we can move on to the next part then what we're going to do is we make three variations of the middle of the ad to those hooks so we have a total of nine ads we didn't run that we're going to see which middle does the best then what we're going to do is we're going to reduce down to the middle that does the best and leave it with these ad ads whenever we want to go and we're getting ad blindness we just add a few more hooks okay so we have the best possible hook with a very effective middle this is good enough then what do we do we start optimizing the landing page all right we're going to optimize the headline that's on the landing page the page itself the rest of it get that to good enough principles then finally this is where we get to the headline of the ad this is where we get to description I don't even optimize descriptions if you're down to description you've already won so hard that it doesn't matter we're going to start optimizing the headline and for the headline and the scriptions in Facebook Google whatever we're not optimizing the conversion rates or anything on the page those should already be taken care of by everything we've done so far all we're going to do with the headline and description is we're going to optimize The Click through rate just to get clicks as low as possible so everything we optimize for up until the headline and description is simply going to be the end result which is the cost per call the cost per lead the cost per sale once we get the headline description we're not going to deal with that anymore we're just going to optimize for clicks and this is the process you can get to and this will get you to your best performing ads that you can use pretty much year round of course there's specials there's other things you can do like for example we're ending the Black Friday phase of the market where people are optimizing for that hyros so of course I'm creating some ads based around that cuz people make so much more damn money if they use hyros on Black Friday it's like 20% more whereas if you do a million dollars a day in sales on Black Friday like some e-commerce storees like like an extra $200,000 just from tracking your ads correctly but whatever don't do that but that's what the ads focus on so I'm running ads using that same process I just showed you but for Black Friday in a four-month period And if you're running your business and your head of marketing you have time to really like make this process and repeat it over and over again many times a year using different angles based on the timing of the year so for example at highrisk when the iOS update dropped I I'd use this angle when it was working when we're getting around the Black Friday phas I'd use that kind of angle in messaging and so the process is messaging hooks middle of videos lining page then headlines then description and then call it good if your ads are not converting after you've done this your offer itself stinks which is why you should watch this video and then the video which is about getting your offer aligned with the market if you want to see the ad scripts and landing pages that I use these are what these videos are for I have nothing else to talk to you about goodbye

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain The Ad Tactic That Made Me $150,000,000 At 30
VIDEO ID: iNob8jCdpX8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNob8jCdpX8
================================================================================

so the Mind shet shift I'm going to give you in this video when it comes to your ads and your business is going to be the biggest breakthrough you've ever had I actually guarantee it you can come to my house leave a burning bag of gorilla poop at my doorstep we're not going to offer that this if this doesn't work for you please do not put poop on my doorstep but this took my business from zero to over $30 million per year primarily fueled by ads and before that I could never really break $10 million $12 million a year from the businesses and it's because I was running my ads in my business the wrong way and if you look at my business went from $0 to $30 million per year that creates by the way a $150 $200 million valuation business if you can do that and you can structure in the right business industry which I'll talk about in other videos you're set you're good if you've ever wanted to get inanely rich this is how you do it and it comes from this pivot of how you view ads and if you look at my ads and the things I'm doing I'm not doing anything else that other people are not doing if you look at my funnel for hyros for example it is a funnel to a sales page to a call Demo almost everybody watching this Channel online knows how these funnels works you see them you're going to get blasted with ads by people when you watch this video saying Hey I got this magic system to make money and they're going to send you to a funnel that's very similar to mine but mine makes way more money than all of them combined why how can I do this it's because of this little shift right here now I try to keep these videos short which is why at the end of this video I've linked to a video showing off the specific funnel that I'm using that I'm sending traffic into so you can get the base of that I'll even show you how I write the ads and the scripts behind them so you have that covered too as well as a video covering the entire monetization process that I use for this so everything that you might want to ask is at the end of this video link to other videos on this channel and like other channels that make all their money selling your courses I have nothing to sell you in these videos I've already made tons of money actually doing this the only thing I'm doing in these videos is adding you to a giant retarding list so it can convince you to use our software in the future but the content information I'm giving you my best stuff nothing held back because I don't make money selling information I make money by you doing better with your business and your ads and then upgrading and using our tools which make them even better so please drop your skepticism to zero it's not helping you here so what is this tweak I want you to listen very closely because this will change everything like I've stated you need to build businesses build your business around where you can advertise and what the market wants I know that sounds super basic but you need to understand what most people do they build a business first and then they try to advertise it instead you want to build the business around where you can advertise it and what advertising and demand in the market is easy to advertse high too so let's look at this very quickly because again this sounds like such a simple idea make what the market wants and make where it's easy to advertise it is but no one does this because the subtlety of the idea is completely missed upon them I want to lay out to you my mistakes to then outline how you're probably making these mistakes too if you're making a business that's below $20 million per year you're making this mistake okay unless you just like making less money but by all means ignore me but look let's look at two of my businesses I had a business selling information uh courses and I had a business selling email remarketing okay so let's look at both of these businesses for what they are so if we look in the info marketing space very hard to advertise because there's tons and tons of products very similar to it thus my marketing of it is just going to be a pain in the butt two the product is very hard to sell via ads I know people sell all these all the time they make tons of money doing it but when you actually look at it it's so damn hard to sell because you're selling thin air and there's a thousand other products in the market and then three it's extremely hard to sell because where can you really Place ads for this product on only on on videos online where people are trying to make money online and so that grossly limits where I can Market this to and who I can Market this too who's going to be buying these info products too if I really want to Market these few ads people without money because people that have money and have successful businesses are not going to be buying info products so much and then if I want to Market these to people that do have successful businesses it's just an entirely hard thing to pitch because the people that are actually successful sitting around watching YouTube they're hard to reach thus you you went into so many problems with this this is why you have to sell High ticket to make this work you have very limited places of where you can place your ads at the Market's overly competitive before I even turn on my first ad it's just incredibly hard to sell this product due to all these limitations right here no matter how good my marketing is no matter how good my ads are no matter how good my copywriting and sales pages and landing pages and how famous I make myself it's going to be pushing a boulder up Mount Everest to get this going we want when we start our ads and we start our business we wanted to be like pushing a boulder down down Mount Everest so everything around this product was just hard to sell now if we go look at for example I had a business Market hero which was an email autoresponder and again we're running into the same issues right here the entire Market is very low ticket okay so if you go look at like convert kit for example they're charging like $9 a month and so let's look at the situation here I'm trying to advertise the businesses which are the most expensive people to advertise to with a low ticket product in a market that's fiercely competitive there's thousands of other autoresponders out there this is this is advertising hell because I can't sell something High ticket to make money in my ads back I'm marketing to the most expensive people there are the marketing places I can place it at are very hard to reach and the best way to make money back on ads is to be able to go a little bit High ticket especially when you're doing B2B marketing you can't do this here so a lot of people go and they make businesses without thinking about the fight that they're getting in and they think they're going to out add it they think they're going to outsmart the ads and make the best advertising on planet Earth and that's going to be their key and so you have people spend years on their business working on the ads working on the ads working on what they're saying working on the sales Pages thinking that's where their goal and ticket is going to come from and it just simply is not so for example when I made hyos we were able to get this to $10 million a year very quickly and I've never broken more than a couple thousand A Day In AD spin at hyros but on these other businesses I was breaking 10 $20,000 a day sometimes because the businesses were set up for high effort low return and ads whereas hyos for example let's look at this what were all the fundamentals that went in the hyos working okay one low competition there is very few products in the market that can do what hyos did back then even now there's very few products in the market and they don't really advertise very well if I'm getting into the infom marketing space every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in that space is an advertising m Master every sales video every ad is built to the te to convert cuz these people cannot make money without being at the top of their game right here no okay so first thing we want to look at is low competitivity in the advertising space which is a lot of businesses as soon as you break out of info marketing or education or coaching or Consulting there's very little competition and advertising so we want to look at our product and say all right are the competitors advertising well no I can stand out now another thing that hus does not have but you should look for is how easy is it to advertise so for example I want to give you an example of what worked really well in e-commerce and supplements if you look at gfuel and all the um the gaming pre-workouts SL caffeine drinks if you noticed before those businesses took out no one was advertising to Gamers no one was advertising these energy drinks to Gamers and using influencers to do it and so if you look at this there's an entire part of the market Gamers not being marketed to that were accessible through influencers and noral advertising and then all they had to do is connect this product to this market and the advertising for this was extremely profit because no one else was doing it and so they're able to go and grab up this entire share of the ad Market that was completely wide open that's why the business was successful if you opened a pre-workout or energy supplement and you target the normal markets using the normal means you wouldn't have done well how many products like no explode were released in this time frame where instead what they did is they built the business around the market the advertising Market instead of building the business around what they wanted and then trying to Market it through the same venues this is the big shift now we also want to look at the Dynamics of the product I knew when I was making a software company having a low ticket software company wasn't going to work like a MailChimp or something why because it's so damn hard to make your money back on ads when you're selling low tickets you have to convert so highly whereas with hyos I said okay cool we can make this High ticket all right I can charge $ 35 dner dollars up front and so I want to make something like segment I want to make something like Heroku I want to something like Salesforce where it's very expensive upfront or can charge very expensive prices to high ticket customers and then I want to make sure the customer base was good who buys ad software people running ads who runs ads people that make money no one no one that doesn't have money isn't running ads if a person is broke they're not going to be running ads and so I'm marketing exclusively to people with money so let's look at all the things that were different with hyro so far competition in the ad space low ability to sell High ticket yes who am I selling to rich people and then combine the other traits of the business which I talked about the end of this video which is the LTV and the rebills and when I got into this I knew primarily how I was going to advertise this I knew exactly which vehicles would work really really well for this which were retargeting YouTube videos based around ads and so there's a lot of other things that go into this as far as the product goes but you need to start going and thinking about how to design your business around the traits that work well with ads and then the ad Market itself the ad market for pre-workouts extremely competitive impossible to reach the ad market for gamers wide open so what you do is instead of going and building a business that you want to build you say all right cool how can we tweak this business to take advantage of the markets that are wide open how can I build my offer and my product I'm selling to have the best traits that work with an ad how can I find the low competition markets and then design the product to work really well with it and by the way low competition markets with a high ticket product that is reoccurring and is being sold to rich people this is this this is what works goes nuts and this is why hyos my ad tracking business did infinitely better than my email responding business though the advertising behind the email autoresponder business was top tier Ninja level I had to like bend over backwards and jump through hoops full of fire and train a tiger just to get a sale there not the same at at at hyros and this little pivot right here is the difference between me having a software business it was doing you know $3 $4 million a year and a software business doing over $30 million a year this is the difference between having a Pre-K Workout Company uh that does no money and a pre-workout company just goes to the moon in the easiest advertising possible because no one's marketing to them this is how you have to structure your business and this is what will make your ads work and not work now at the end of this video like I pointed out right here here is a video on the funnels that I'm using the scripts that I'm using in the ads and even the long-term monetization strategy I haven't I don't know where these videos going to pop up but they're here they're on here somewhere so watch them you'll make more money okay bye

================================================================================
TITLE: It's Gross...but my ads make $52,000 a day selling this
VIDEO ID: eOikchS2wsU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOikchS2wsU
================================================================================

if you alter the first ad your customer SE to this your business will money from ads in fact you'll be able to get thousands of customers into your business essentially for free cuz your ad cost is completely covered this right here took one of my businesses which is a software business and by the way the software business is famous for terrible advertising no one makes any money on their ads they all lose like tens of thousands of dollars up front and then make the money back six years later this strategy right here took my software business from zero to almost $50,000 per day in profit in just a couple weeks and it's the most boring hard to sell upfront business ever so this will definitely probably work for you now you're probably wondering what this magical simple tweak is and why I'm waving a gun at you and I have good news for you cuz I'm going to answer both those questions I'm going to lay it out to you in extreme detail and I also have nothing to sell you CU I'm already obscenely rich from actually doing this not selling courses on ads so it's purely in your benefit as for the gun all right look so here's what we're going to do here's how it's going to happen here's why it's important first off if you can run ads you can get unlimited traffic look I know it's tempting to go out there and trying to get all your traffic making YouTube videos and shaking your butt on Tik Tok I know you love that showing off those fresh pressed hams but if you can simply do this one thing which is run ads that pay for themselves you can generate endless customers thousand customers 10,000 customers 100,000 customers day it doesn't matter it's the same thing it's all just touching a button in the Facebook ads manager but the problem is you can't and unless you want to be 45 years old and making Tik Tok reels and making C faces to keep the attention of gen zers on on YouTube and Instagram reals this is what you're going to need to learn how to do and a huge benefit is once you master this it absolutely money you've unlocked the ability to just hit a button on command and make money from the internet so pay attention for literally 3 minutes I've kept this video intentionally short for your brain rodded brain then you can get back to watching Taylor Swift videos or if you're young in some scity toilet and also these videos are short so all I'm going to show you in this video is the tactic the landing pages examples of the land in pages and a long-term monetization content that is behind my $5,000 Mastermind VIP Deluxe Platinum xxx big erection big boy private lesson Mastermind group course I'm just kidding I've already made money doing this in the real world I don't need to sell anything it's just for free at the end of this video and more YouTube videos you don't even have to leave YouTube you put it all together like peanut butter and jelly you're going to make a lot of cash it's so simple so what most people try and do is they run ads and then they run it to their website and try to get a sale this doesn't really work because the main thing you're trying to sell at your business rarely converts the first time someone sees it and it's probably not expensive enough to really monetize traffic cold traffic that doesn't know you so this doesn't work this is why people end up trying to become social media influencers and making videos to keep attention online not at all like I'm doing right now do not pay attention to any of my actions just focus on the work words but in truth I built my business without making YouTube videos I got my software company to over $100 million valuation without any social media hoopla whatsoever so if you're an incel and you prefer to sit in your mother's basement and just run ads as a shadow person this is perfect for you my creepy little Gollum like friend and if all this fails you can just start an only fans for those pressed hams we've been talking about but here's what you actually want to do we want to run an ad and then we want to get people inside of our business inside our hemisphere which looks like a booby but really we want them on our email list and we want to be able to retarget them easily on Facebook and Google and we want them to like us this is what we're trying to achieve right here now we're trying to do is also achieve this without losing money so how do we do that it's very very simple you're going to run a funnel and I'll give you the landing page and all this stuff in the next video focus on what I'm saying right now there will be links spoon fit to you at the end but we're going to run an ad to an optin all right where you're just going to collect the person's email address and exchange for Content then we're going to send them to a video that delivers very good content some prime grade [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff they can grab their kids gather them around and and show them just how highly valuable your content is then what you're going to do in the content is at the end of it in the middle of it you're going to offer a call to sell something very expensive preferably about $55,000 but I don't have a $5,000 product figure it out the easiest thing you could sell right here is consulting or some really high level form of what you're selling in your business or some one toone coaching or some service just make it expensive I don't care what it is and it shouldn't be the main thing you're selling anyways in fact I will show you a way to actually skip this step in the next video where I talk about the long-term money analiation form but if you're a beginner and you want this on easy mode where you don't lose money up front you do this why we get the email address we now have the person's contact information we sent them in the content they now like us and we've targeted them with all the p Sals on ad platforms so we now retarget them super cheaply we just built a list or started building a list of people that we can easily Market to and make money from which I'll explain how to do that in the next video but let's look at the actual Dynamics from this if we get 500 people from this ad onto this email list at $5 a pop and one of them buys the $5,000 product we just twox our money if half of them say we get we get a little person through okay we get a Peter Dinklage if one out of every thousand buys we have still absolutely covered our ad cost so even if we increase this number to a thousand people we've gotten a thousand people on an email list for free now the next video I'm going to show you how to generate $2 to $5 per month or at least how to look at it from each person on your email list allowing you to then print money for free but the first goal the first business of order is to get people in this hemisphere of knowing you on your contact information and ability to be remarketed too then you sell them the main stuff you're selling then you sell additional affiliate offers then you sell the additional products you want to sell let's talk about this in application real quick at my business I ran ads to a Consulting offer that taught people how to run ads I don't sell this anymore because this works so damn well I don't need to do it anymore but it's a great way to start a business this is how my ads were super profitable up front the ad ran to this I gave people ad content and as you can tell my ad content is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hot Fire it's like Chipotle mixed with ghost peppers you're not going to be walking straight for weeks but for real this allowed me to get thousands and thousands of people on an email list who I then launch my company highers to which makes your ads simply so much more effective if you use hos your ads make 15 20% more that's why thousands of businesses use it if you track your ads accurately and feed it back to AI you're just going to make more money from your ads we're not here to talk about hos right now and frankly if you have any competence with ads whatsoever you're already using it like everyone else but this allowed me to get thousands of people in cover the ad cost I actually made money right here I made about a 2X doing a high ticket phone closing sequence which we'll cover on this channel just browse around I have the scripts and everything on the channel and then I sold hyos and got people on 300 to multiple thousand per month subscriptions for their ads after I built rapport with them and was able to remarket them super cheap instead of just going and running ads directly to hyros and making no money and losing tons of money like everybody else in the software business this allows you to run ads day one yes you have to sell something High ticket but do you want to make a lot of money or not you you can sell something High ticket you can do it there's cold call strips and funnel types all over this channel but that being said the best way to make the most money from this is to do one of these two videos one we got the landing pages the funnel everything you should look at how this actually works the nuts and the bolts over here and then how to monetize it and make money from it long term right here if you already know about landing pages and whatnot just go to this video you're a little bit newer to this or you just want to see the stuff in example or you just want to watch the whole entire content feel watch both of them I have nothing else to say to you goodbye [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: A FILTHY Ad Script Making Me $102,000 A Day
VIDEO ID: ZnsJUJoXr1Q
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnsJUJoXr1Q
================================================================================

so we going to play my microphone like a banjo for now to start these videos you ever look at your ads and think to yourself why are these things not scaling why are they not converting higher why do I always get to a certain point and I spend more money and then it doesn't convert or maybe it doesn't convert at all you ever wonder why that's happening it's probably because your ads suck no I'm I'm just joking I'm just joking it's a problem with the Internet it's not a problem with your ads but here's why they're not converting okay all right it's because of two simple things you are not getting people's attention in you're not convincing them with enough mph with enough power with enough prowess that clicking on your ad is going to benefit them they don't believe you they're not paying attention to you if you just fix these two things you are going to make so much more money from your ads and I can tell you this because what I'm going to showing this video I use a scale one ad campaign past $100,000 per day just $100,000 cash of about probably about 25 to $30,000 A Day In AD spin I've also used this to grow a SAS business past $100 million valuation so it's worked pretty well for me now of course if if you're making $500,000 a day a billion dollars SAS valuation don't listen to me at all cuz you are a Wise Wise silverback gorilla on hill but if you're below that you should listen you should apply this to your ads because this is going to fix 90% of your ads anytime my ads are not working correctly I just come back and do this this works on YouTube this works on Facebook this works on Tik Tok because it is the basis of human convincing and communication so apply this let me show you so look you can use this literally everywhere Tik Tok Facebook ads YouTube ads it does not matter if you are trying to talk to someone way where the goal is to get them to click something and go somewhere and hear more about it this is how you communicate with them period now look this is a two-part video this video right here I'm going to introduce you to the communication style and the concept you can just use this framework everywhere but you're probably not going to want to think for yourself because who wants to do that okay and so I've made these videos bite chunked because I'm fully aware and empathetic that you have Tik Tok brain you can't focus on one video for more than 10 minute at a time so you can watch this video and then you can come back a year later uh after committing to improving your business and catch the second video this second video that I'm going to link to at the end of this video has an entire breakdown of this script being applied in YouTube ads so you can go and see an ad that I created from it you can see the script walk through it's all on YouTube it's all for free I'm not trying to sell you anything I just want your juicy juicy attention and viewership so I'm just going to give you stuff that's made me tons of money to bribe you for that so look let's get down to this you have about 45 seconds in an ad let me make sure see I'm already off the screen this I really got to work at this this content creation I'm kind of new to it so bear with me look when you're communicating with anybody and you want to get to them to do something on internet you have about 45 seconds but you don't even have 45 seconds you have chunks to get them to the 45 seconds and 45 seconds is the optimum amount of time to get them to then do the thing you want them to do but you need to persuade them enough in this 45 seconds to get them to do do it 45 seconds you try and do it in 5 seconds they don't do it you try and do it in a minute and a half they've already lost attention this is the magic sweet spot and it's broken down into sub sectors so we have the first 10 seconds and we even have the first 5 seconds in that then we have the next 20 seconds and then we have the final 20 seconds with the final 5 Seconds that is the CTA okay so what do we do here the first 5 Seconds of any communication is hooking the person what does this mean it means getting their attention and creating interest in relation to something they want that ties into your business so for example when you watch the beginning of this video what's the first thing I talked about and laid out there immediately that this is going to improve the results of your ads across your business but I also did it in a funny weird way by talking all sorts of hoopla and passive aggressively talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to you you're like whoa what's going on this guy's a dick and he's promising me result what's happening one that's just how I talk in videos but two I'm predispositioned to speak in this this form of communication because I've been doing ads for so long I I no longer function as a normal human being I just completely communicate in copywriting form but we have to go out there and think about what pain or what goal can we trigger in the person it's usually pain that's the best way to roll with it and then how can we put in an attention grabbing way so if you look at any of my ads out there even the low effort ones I'll put like an Iron Man and thumb drive or I'll be wearing a Pikachu onz and what I will then do is make a big bold promise so we want to do something that gets their attention Okay and we might want to make a big bold promise backed up usually with some interesting stat a very detailed and precise stat because the more precise you are the more interesting it is so for example if I just start an ad and said hey do you want to improve your ad results you're like sure but if I'm like hey in a Pikachu onesie wearing a Wizardry hat a Harry Potter hat or let's even make it even weirder let's say I hold a gold fris in front of you and say this is proven across 153 businesses to increase ad results by 15.3% you're like whoa wait what's this goldfish doing and then I have you with this interesting Stat or this big bold promise and so this hooks the person we want to make a big bold promise right here now the next 10 seconds are backing up that promise with undeniable proof and results so what you want to do in your business is you want to get your customers results I know that's a far-fetched thing that people don't really like to do anymore but you should really get them results and then you should get testimonials you should film them in the wild using your product and going like oh wow this is an absolute ass so assuming you can do that one basic step I'm going to assume you can okay if you're watching this video right now and you're like I'm like you got to collect results from your customers you're like but I don't have any of those so what do I do I'm like I I can't help you okay but if you're one of those people that's not running an MLM or pony scheme online you're good so what we need to do is collect results from our customers specifically I'll give you a few techniques that work really well for me is get your product in the hands of influencers and bigger names for free get them to use it and get them to leave testimonials and result and return for whatever just get it done that works really well as well so for example at hyos my ad attribution company um we have an agency that runs Tony Robbins ads you know Playboys ads we have Jay shett on there Patrick B David uses it or for example in like SAS we we get large businesses like clickfunnels or up incoming businesses like runpod businesses that matter to the Target customer okay so for example if I'm trying to Target infom marketers I want to use testimonials from like Grant Cardone or something if I want to Target SAS marketers I want to use testimonials from like clickfunnels or large SAS businesses on our platform and we have all those Tes OS because frankly when people plug their ads in the hos they make 15 20% more guaranteed you should use it but whatever this is that's not for you cuz you don't like making more money the bigger point is get testimonials no matter what and get testimonials from people that are going to be similar to the customer you're trying to acquire now make those testimonials Focus around your big promise so for example if I talk about in an ad how hrus is going to increase people's ad scill I get a bunch of AD scale testimonials and I show those and I back them up and what I'll do a lot of times in videos is make a giant page of testimonials and scroll past them in a really obnoxious way I've been doing this for almost 15 years when I used to launch procs on Warrior Forum uh way back back in the day I would find hundreds and hundreds of testimonials that's just the one thing I would do when I made a product and then I would just paste them all on a page so it took a person like 10 minutes to scroll past all of them it's extremely effective tactic so I back up the big buold promise so what I've done is I've gotten the person's attention and I've triggered some pain or reminded them of some pain or made some big promise of of a benefit or a result and I've backed it up and then what I do is I explain how that is accomplished without explaining it at all so for example what you want to do is you want to make the person watching the ad feel that they are missing out and not doing something and so what you want to explain is you want to explain that thing they're not doing but not in a way they can understand per se so for example at hyos I'll point out how ad platform tracking is just wildly inaccurate and if you're using that you're using the wrong data and if you're using the wrong data you're going to lose a ton of money and then that trains your AI completely wrong on ad platforms thus you make less money and hos fix that by using a new form of print tracking a optimization now what does that mean if we really boil it down did I explain how it does anything no not really that is what it does but that just creates interest and makes you feel like you're not using this and you're just losing tons of money so I got your attention I proved that everything I'm saying works and then I made you feel like you're doing something that is causing you all sorts of pain and not getting you the result you want and you don't understand it so now you feel like you're missed out you're like a person on the outside of a club uh not being let in what a lot of people do at these points in their videos is they try and explain their product and how it works we don't want to do that we want to get the click and so this next 25 seconds we're really going to be focusing on the click and we're going to break this down in two points right here so I just show them all these results and I explain how it works right here now they're thinking how do I do this too okay so what I want you to do is I want you to click this add and we can plug that exact thing into your business without any effort today and get you the same results as all the results I showed you before now what we like to do with hrus is I like to add on to that that hey if it doesn't get you that result you don't pay for it so this makes the person go this guy is insane he must this must actually work or this guy's running the dumbest ad campaign in history you don't have to throw that in I know not everybody can guarantee that but having some form of a crazy guarantee is um usually helpful in ads also in your business if you're if you're are selling a product that doesn't get results and the way you're keeping and making money is keeping people who don't get results as money eventually the business dies so having a crazy refund guarantee is just in your favor yeah you're going to get more refunds at first but you're going to solve and plug the problems in your business and keeping people's money who don't want you to have it makes them mad and then you ruin your business's reputation but who cares about that let's just print money by putting hoopla on Google ads but this is what we want to do in the final SEC 20 seconds okay look if you want to get that result I just talked about if you want to fix this pain click this ad go here do this thing we will get you this result with very little effort just you want to make it as little effort as possible you're going to get this result if you just click this ad we actually guarantee it now this is a really forthcoming ad if you are running for example you're going to see in the next video linked after this me running this like webinars for info products the goal there is to get them to join uh the webinar the free event okay so this in in my hus ads we're going for the call in other ads I'm going to show you we're going for a webinar sale there's other ads I'm going to show you where we're going for like an e-commerce sale so you really want to then the pitch around that and in the final 5 Seconds what you want to do in the ads is give them time to click so reemphasize click hey go here click now this ad will end here in a second go here click now a lot of times I'll just do a black screen with a button on it why because what people do is a lot of people wait till the end of the ad and then it will just end and it will move on to the video and they're like oh I'm not going back to find that ad so that's just a little handy thing you can do right there off the end of it and so this is what you need to do to convince people to do things in an ad it usually takes about 45 seconds if we're going into a minute 30 which sometimes I will do an ads but all the the core message the core thing I'm getting done is always done in this first 45 seconds and then I'll use an extra minute 30 to do extra stuff that you will see in the the videos after this I'll link to Again on YouTube there's no optin or pitch I'm trying to get you into but we need to accomplish this in the first 45 seconds and 90% of our hoopla is going to get done in this first 45 seconds and if you look at my sales videos it's really just this but long longer which is what happens on the page they go to so that's the lesson for the day this right here is what this is how you should make almost every ad it just works there's other things you can do like testimonial mashups and images but if you're making video ads to cold customers this is what really has gotten it done for me in every format for almost a decade you should use it now what should you do you should subscribe to this channel because I'm going to make more videos like this and I know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm talking about unlike everybody else on YouTube and I'm not selling you things this is a great place for you to hang out on top of that after this video I said it's a two-part video you want to see the script you want to see this actually being applied in action right watch the video that's going to show up after this video it's going to be a big black screen it's going to be a video on there with the video you click it it will show you all this in action you can apply it and it will get you better results with your ads so I'll see you the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: This Step Will Save ANY Dead Facebook Ad (Advanced Guide)
VIDEO ID: hmer-muzha8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmer-muzha8
================================================================================

hyrulian have you ever had an ad running it's doing great making tons of money your parents are even proud of you and then it just dies and your parents won't talk to you anymore hopefully all that has happened to you except the parents part because if you were in ads you've had eyes die on you just what happens when you run out so in this video i'm going to show you exactly how to fix your ads there's actually a series of questions and metrics you can look at if you focus on these in this order you'll get your ads fixed that's it i have nothing more to add to it except if you want to win and get three thousand dollars in ad courses every week in our community post area i post links to these courses and if you see this post you can click the link and you'll get access to courses for free you won't see the link unless you're subscribed to this channel so subscribe to this channel so you'll see the link because i take it down after 24 hours now let's get to the content let's go we're here to talk about okay guys so let's talk about this when your ad dies i see people get super duper confused they're like why is my ad dead what did i do wrong and is it something that's happening in the ad manager and i'm going to tell you straight up no it's not it i i very rarely ever see anybody fix or revive their ad campaigns or take a campaign it's gone like this and bring it back up again because they've figured out some bidding technique in the ad manager or there was something wrong with their audience if an ad worked before and it stopped working there's a very systematic way you can go about making the ad work again if it will work again not all ads will work again and not all offers are meant to go to distance i must be incredibly straightforward with that everybody else who talks about ads and everybody else who talks about internet marketing they act like you could sell anything online there are some things people don't want to buy the market's either full the market's saturated the product sucks it's not interesting to them there's been a thousand other products and everybody that's bothered about there's a billion things and reasons why people don't want to buy something and it can happen to your product so first off one of the reasons why your ads might fail is because people aren't interested in what you're selling you you're gonna have to look at that it's happened to me it's gonna happen to anybody in any business so just be aware of it next thing you need to look at is the layers of the ad and this is how we're gonna detect which things are wrong because there's the ad itself there's initial landing page and then there's the offer okay and there's the offer itself and in some cases there's going to be the funnel between or after the offers presented so let's talk about this when you're running and checking if your ads why they stopped working you need to be able to diagnose what what exactly went wrong okay is there a ton of money being spent with lower return have sales stopped what's happening so the first thing we're going to look at is you know first off let's look at the visit to conversion rate because this is going to be the number one thing okay look at the visit the conversion rate if 100 people still visited your offer and they're converting at 10 percent you're you're probably good okay and if if if this is good if everything else has gone to hell for example we used to be able to get a hundred people to our offer for ten dollars now it cost fifty dollars and we're not seeing an roi that's where the problem is going to be at this is the most important thing to check because this means people still want to buy your offer this means people still want to get there okay and so that's the most important thing to look at just look at your vizio ratio the sales particularly for a single campaign all right what a lot of people do is they have like 50 different campaigns well guess what these are 50 different types of people all coming through you don't want to look at the overall of all these different people because maybe one campaign is sending way more people than used to other ones not it's not an accurate metric look at your number one campaign and look at the conversion rate from that campaign of the people that clicked to the amount of people that bought well how can you do that accurately well you can use hiros because if you're not tracking your your ads accurately you're working off of inaccurate data and for example if you were trying to buy stocks in the stock market off of the wrong stock prices guess what you'd make the wrong choices it's the same thing with ads please use high-risk or something to track your ads there's a link below it we literally guarantee you'll see a 20 increase in your ads literally guarantee you don't pay for it check it out but this is what you need to do if you can't track amount of people coming to your page and their conversion rate then you already have another problem all right so once you confirm that hey look people are still buying the offer let's go down and actually look at what's going on here we'll talk about if the offer is the problem and that's that's a whole other bag of weeds right there so first off the ad how do we know if the ad is the problem okay well if you look at the ad you gotta ask yourself series of questions written right here okay so look here's the number one thing you look at did the cpc increase or the cpm i usually don't like to look at these stats but it can give you a hint okay so did the cpc or cpm increase if this did there's only one reason why this happened it's because people are not interacting with your ad the way they used to that's what's happening now of course your your network that you're running the ads on could have gotten more competitive or something your cpc or cpm it's largely not going to spike up and down you might see that with the ios updates or whatnot but usually you're not going to see a hundred percent 200 increase it's you're going to see a gradual increase over time because more people enter the market and the prices go up so what do you do in this incident right here okay what you want to do is you want to look at this and then you want to look at the conversion rates typical conversion rates in your landing page for example if it cost me five dollars to get a cpl uh or an opt-in and if i still have a forty percent opt-in rate on my landing page well the reason why my ads aren't working they're not working anymore it's because the cpc and cpm went up because either people are not interacting with my ads like they used to or they the cost simply went up so what do we do in the situation do we do we what's our option we only have one option make the ads better make the ads more attention grabbing get more clicks and engage the customer more okay that's that's really your only solution right there besides in some cases when you can't get the cpc or cpm down well you're just going to have to make everything else significantly better in your funnel so you can afford a higher cpc and cpm that's going to be the case especially as you scale you need to ask yourself as well all right well my ads working or do they fall apart because i started scaling well what happened is as cpc and cpm gets more expensive because you start interacting with customers that are not as engaged as your smaller audience customers if you're averaging or you're running ads to let's say 100 a day audience that audience is going to be much more targeted than a thousand dollar a day audience so these are going to go up immensely the way you scale is you make sure you have an ad and offer a landing page and everything that can work at scale to a broader audience or at least converts much higher that's where most people fall apart this who would my own full part at scale well it's because as soon as traffic actually gets somewhat expensive for you you can't afford it anymore because your offer isn't converting high enough your pages aren't converting on enough so that being said if you look at your ad and your cpc has not gone up but something's falling apart what you next want to go to is look at your landing page look at the metrics on it okay there's a few things that could actually happen has anything changed on your landing page go through and test your funnel this is something that most people don't do there's been all sorts of times where i've looked at my funnel on a mobile phone and like oh crap the headline is the size of the entire screen like you have it's not optimizing for a mobile phone or it's redirecting or it's loading seven 15 seconds too late on the screen let's fix this okay that's the most no-brainer thing to do always check that out just do a quick rundown load up your thing on load it up on a phone have other people load up your pages uh load up it from different browsers just look at it just look at it you might see something weird usually what's gonna happen is it's probably gonna be something wrong with the mobile phone i've seen times where people can't opt in from their mobile phone but they can opt in from desktop and because you work on a desktop you don't see that next thing you want to look at is if that looks okay look at the conversion rate on the lane page let's say we have an opt-in page are people still opting in at 30 percent are people still booking calls at the same amount okay look at the base uh lead stats okay look at the base lead stats if you have a e-commerce store are people adding the cart the same amount they use too okay look at these base stats because if people aren't doing these things if for example they're not adding the cart like they used to they're not uh opting in they used to they're not booking calls like used to opposites landing page obviously the landing page if if you're most important stat right here as well that you want to look at is again you want to look at for example our opt-in to buying the offer or add the cart to buying the offer our booking to buying the offer okay if this stays the same right here then we don't really have a problem to offer we have a problem with getting the the initial first step done so you have to look at the first step and say okay what's up with the first step is the way the same it used to be okay so you got to ask yourself again what has changed in the campaign overall did we just start scaling the campaign do we start growing the campaign if so we're getting in a more broad audience that's getting us lower of these so if our cpm and cpc is looking good as we scale well then what we've got to look at is these things right here all right or add the carts down well you're gonna have to get more people to add the cart you're gonna have to improve the copy on the page you get more people who want to buy the product simple okay our opt-ins down we have to improve the opt-in page get that opt-in page higher again you're gonna have to increase that increasing an opt-in page is the number one way to increase the amount of revenue from your offer difference between 20 and 30 opt-in rate page on the actual conversions is insane because you're getting in people 10 or in this case right here 30 cheaper and you're getting in 30 more sales it's it goes both ways when you do that okay same thing with bookings what's going on okay what's going on what's going on with the bookings you want to if you get people to opt in and book a call why have they stopped booking and did you just start scaling that's always a big question you asked i just start scaling but if you're scaling and it starts to fall apart you want to look at why it's falling apart if there's if there's a specific part of your funnel that is operating the same way say for example the ads and the clicks uh cost the same okay well if these are falling apart is there something else in the funnel that's falling apart you don't have to actually kill all your scale if one part of it's working but the other parts are not so finally the most important part if these are the same and this is the same you got to look at the offer and so the way you actually really get better results from your ads overall is you got to ask yourself these questions so the best way to get results overall is you got to ask yourself these questions okay so ask yourself these things you got to ask yourself has the market change for example when i was doing my shopify e-commerce offer i was the first person on youtube doing it two years later i was not the first person doing it has the market changed yes in that situation yes it did okay are there competitors that are simply better than you or are you the only one before now there's 15 other businesses are people just simply not buying this thing anymore for example people were buying seo products a few years ago in the make money online niche then they start buying shopify products and they start buying amazon products i don't know what they're buying now but it goes in seasons people move on other things now they're buying crypto products for example market changes you got to be aware of this not no market stays the same for multiple years um how how what can the pages or sales pages do better you got to look at it sometimes you just have really crappy pages just don't don't sell the product well and what can you do about the offer itself okay so the sales page one is very simple but what can you do about the offer to make it more unique or a better fit for example if you're selling the same thing as the entire marketplace how can you make this product stand out how can you make it a better fit for a specific type of customer how could you even market to a different type of customer that is a better fit for example convertkit when they were doing email marketing they didn't compete with mailchimp and trying to recruit everybody need to send emails they went after bloggers they made the product it was most specific and functional for bloggers because of that they could run ads to bloggers extremely efficiently that's how they made a more unique product that's how they got better proc market fit and that's the market needing something that you're selling is not already being sold to them it fits the market it fits what is needed in the market and the market badly wants exactly what you're selling you can always change the market you can change what you're selling look at this because it's important okay you also have to ask yourself what procs for example when i was selling a product based around building your business or whatnot i'd ask myself all right at the end of the webinar if a person's not buying it why aren't they buying it it's because they don't think it will work for them so i got to ask myself why don't people think this will work for them okay do they understand it look at your pitch and offer and think do people actually understand this do they if i ask them what are you buying and what's it going to do for you and how does it work do you can they do that because if a person doesn't understand what they're buying they're not going to buy it okay crazy little thing understanding is imperative for people to buy something are they motivated enough to buy it so for example if i'm selling a and i'm just going to use the make money online example because it's so easy to explain because it's just a base human emotion if a person is happy with their job and comfortable why would they buy make money online product okay if a person is happy with their body weight why would they not if they're comfortable being fat why would they buy a weight loss product what you need to do is if a person is comfortable with their acne and their skin you have to make them uncomfortable with it that's called causing a little bit of pain at the beginning of your sales pitch think about stuff like that how are people in enough pain to buy something people usually buy something they get an emotion and most times when they buy products escape some sort of pain okay for example i bought this microphone because i watched my videos and it was painful for me to sound scoochy and not sound professional in my videos so if i want to actually sell this microphone better i would show videos of people having that painful product problem and then showing how much it's losing them in sales how much how embarrassing it is how it makes them look stupid online compared to competitors that will cause me pain then i'll buy a microphone it's imperative are people in pain when they're doing that why don't people think it's a sure thing you know for example if i was super mad about my microphone and i didn't buy this microphone why why don't i think this microphone will improve my results a lot of times customers just don't think your product will work for them ask them if you have like a webinar where you're selling like i don't know a guitar training class why don't people think they will learn how to play guitar by the end of it and then you can address that in your sales pitch well i you know i'm a beginner and i don't think i'm have enough time address that in your sales pitch okay um is it a sure is the sure thing worth the price for example this microphone right here i believe is 270 bucks this better sound to me is worth it to me if this thing was 10 000 i would not buy this microphone i simply would not i would i would find some alternative you also had to ask yourself is the thing you're selling if it would 100 work for the customer worth of them so for example if i was selling and make money online course of course making as much money as you want for the rest of your life that's a hundred that's worth a hundred thousand dollars the thing is people don't believe it's a sure thing therefore they're not going to buy it so the price is relevant to them believing it's a sure thing the more you can make them feel the sure thing the more likely they're going to buy it which can swing both ways because if they buy something it's a sure thing and it doesn't end up being a sure thing you'll be in trouble all right so all the people that sell make money online products you'd be careful um and then finally why don't they believe it's a sure thing and then finally if that's one of the cases how can you remove the thing that stops it from being a sure thing can you do work for them can you fill in the blanks can you give them templates can you automate processes can you do it for them for example when people were buying hirose they worry if they could set tracking on their own we said don't worry we'll handle that part okay so again if you're not tracking your ads correctly you should check out hiros because if you do you'll make twenty percent more from your ads oh here's another secret all right if your ads are broken it might be because you're not tracking accurately and you're inaccurately bidding and spending the wrong amounts on the ads and then you're also feeding that data back to the ad platform which is bad data instead of using accurate data which leads to you even having worse targeting so maybe if you like your ads are off by 20 30 or something like that maybe you should track them correctly maybe you should schedule call hiros below we guarantee you're going to see a 20 to 30 increase in your ads so that being said this is all i have for you in the video this is how i have fixed every ad campaign i've ever had that can be fixed some ad campaigns need to be taken out back and shot okay just lying out there but this is how i fixed every single ad campaign that i've ever had a problem with it never came from finding some secret bidding strategy in the ad manager it always always always always came from focusing on those three different layers of the the offer that i'm trying to sell via ads so that being said guys this is all i got be sure to subscribe to the channel if you want actual help running your ads check out my ad mastermind there's a link to that right below this video will take you into a mastermind where i teach you how i run all my ads i've skilled multiple eight-figure businesses using ads and then finally be sure to check out the rest of this channel i have so many free courses and training on how to grow ads build your business with ads and i do yell and basically anything you'd ever want to know about ads if you want a more personal level to it check out the mastermind below if you don't subscribe i'll see you next video this has been alex becker ceo of pyros take it easy [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: Run This Offer On Facebook Ads NOW (HUGE ROIS)
VIDEO ID: ZYWv4F-TXmI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYWv4F-TXmI
================================================================================

okay in this video i'm going to show you the best offer for facebook and youtube ads by far okay by using this offer strategy i've generated over 20 million dollars in sales on one campaign for one business and i've scaled high risk to being the fastest growing ad analytics company entire world it works period if you build offers like this you're going to make a lot more money from your ads because this is the biggest hack when it comes to running facebook and youtube ads if you understand how to structure an offers in this way you're gonna kill it every single person i know it's made 10 20 30 million dollars worth of sales plus via ads they're doing this every other person i know that's getting mediocre results constantly and can't escape out of this and is trying to do all sorts of complex stuff they don't do this okay until you do this you're going to keep wasting money it's going to be a struggle and it's going to be terrible because i had the same exact experience before i started applying this real quick if you're new here i'm alex becker i'm ceo of hiros again we're the fastest growing ad analytics cup in the world this gives me a little bit of insight in what's working with ads i also run the most successful ad mastermind online based on results i have more six seven eight-figure results than anybody else ever with ad masterminds it's really cool and i'm not saying that so you can join it i'm just saying i need i kind of know what's going to be working with facebook and youtube ads and so in this video i'm just going to show you exactly the type of offers that work and if you understand how to make an offer like this oh it's going to be juicy it's going to be fun you're going to you're going to you're going to have a lot of juice you can have juice parties everyone be like where'd you get all that juice and you'd be like from this alex becker video which has the content i'm gonna show you right now and i'm gonna stop rambling let's get into it alright guys so let's talk about this because this is actually in my opinion and i know i always say this but this is the number one secret to running really successful ads so the problem that i see with almost every ad campaign that won't scale or once it just won't work at all you might have always been just confused why does my offer not work with ads why can't i get this on ads why does it never work with ads it's because the offer is not made to work with ads you know we got to really think what type of offer is going to work with ads not all offers work with ads for example something i constantly see businesses fail at is they make a low ticket software for example when i made market hero okay this thing ranged from nineteen dollars to let's just say a thousand dollars per month with the vast majority of users being in the forty nine dollar uh to one hundred dollar range and also had a 14 day free trial all right this offer right here absolutely sucked with ads why well first off email marketing very saturated there's already tons of other things in the market but on top of that it was very hard to ever make a profit upfront selling it like this in fact it was impossible one people just go to the front of the site and try to free trial uh or they take it through there and even when we work out the free trial numbers it was very hard to make our money back unless we were willing to wait three months for all the rebills to come in which is actually a great setup if we're looking at ltv profit but when i'm running ads i want to make profit up front because the more profit you make up front the farther you can scale look if you're making if you're spending a thousand dollars and make five thousand dollars you can scale so far to the point that you're spending five thousand dollars to make five thousand dollars and you're just getting all the customers in and let's just look at it this way all right so let's imagine so let's imagine it like this okay so let's imagine this is the amount of leads per day that we get with 5 000 leads per day being down here 1 000 up here okay and let's look at our roi at you know a 5x right here all right so 5 000 back a day for a thousand dollars spent and a 0x right here right we're able to actually go and fuel our business this way because we have so much profit margin to wiggle our scale into so we could scale maybe 5 10 15 times farther and get way more customers into our business which we can then make money on the back end from which is where everybody should make money anyways okay and so this offer here doesn't work and i've seen people try it with like a 47 offer i've seen people try 99 offers i just see them try and sell their supplements i see them try and sell books and then what eventually happens is they have to take these offers that don't work and put something in front of them like a book funnel or something like that they have to go and put weird stuff in front of it or a trip wire and they end up having to do all these things in order to sell this offer that they would rather just that's their core offer okay so when you're thinking about your business maybe you have an offer that just won't work with ads it's just been extremely difficult to work with ads what you don't want to do is take an offer that's not designed to work for ads and run ads to it what you want to do is you want to let's say this is your core offer you want to put something in front of it that's designed for ads or you want to design your product from the get go to work with ads so for example iros is uh it's 347 a month on the lowest level okay easily gets people 10x roi you guys should check out hiros because if you're running ads without hirose you're actually functionally insane it pays for itself 10 times over we guarantee that result with tracking and correct attribution people can scale much further they save a ton of money it's just a known fact at this point this is where we have literally every influencer big info marketer large e-commerce brands sas companies this is why it's the fastest eye tracking company growth wise in the world right now okay it just works you should you should use it enough about that though but there's a reason why i only allow us to sell it at 3 500 up front you have to buy one year up front why why is this why do we require a phone call for this why don't i just sell it for the free trial why don't i sell uh 29 packages 99 packages well there's a reason because we like to provide super stellar support okay and we can't provide super stellar one to one support at these prices right here but another secondary reason right here uh that i don't allow three forty seven dollar signups is because this works exceptionally well with ads okay look the number one funnel for ads by far are call funnels to high ticket products by far why the conversion rates on a five thousand ten thousand dollar product especially when you work in a phone funnel work out to just generate a far better roi i've talked about this every single time i talk about ads in these videos if you have a thousand people in let's say you're paying ten dollars per lead and you're selling a 50 product and you have a 10 conversion rate so you sell 100 of these and 10 is insane i've never seen anybody achieve that ever we're gonna make five thousand dollars back okay we're gonna lose money on this thing if we get a thousand leads in and we have a eight thousand dollar product and we get a point zero two conversion rate okay our point two percent look my math is going to be terrible but a point 0.2 conversion rate right here yeah 0.2 math is correct right there we're going to make sixteen thousand dollars and six thousand dollars profit and this is much easier to achieve than this okay especially when you have a cough line right there so when you're thinking to yourself all right how am i going to get leads in my business because what we talked about last videos one of the most profitable things you can do is use your ads as legion free legion and the way you do that is if you cover ad costs if you eliminate this let's say we're getting uh we can get 3 000 leads in a day uh and we spend 10 000 okay that that stinks for 3 000 leads we're down 10 000 per day but if we make 10 000 back it becomes a free three thousand dollar leads which we can then sell on our backlink back end for all infinity and make tons of money now if we can make money let's say we make 5k profit on that uh 10k let's say we make 15k back every day that's even sweeter because then we're making money on the front end and the back end but this is very hard to do unless that product is designed for ads okay so we have to think about what type of product is best for ads i'll tell you what i would look for it has to be high ticket the higher ticket the better if i can sell something for 10 15 000 that's what i'm gonna do that's the service i'm gonna design that's what i'm gonna use to get leads in for example let's say our main product was like workout courses or something like that like we're selling 99 150 uh workout courses and supplements what i would do is i would make a 10 000 super offer like an event or something like that on the front end and i would use that as my thing is everybody who comes in from this going to buy the ten thousand dollar thing no but if point two percent of them do the other 99.8 percent can then become customers of our main product that's that's the goose right there okay so the first thing you want to do is you want to make it as high ticket as possible even if you have to make another product to be super high tickets you could sell your most high ticket level form of coaching on your front end use that that will cover ad cost then you can sell all your smaller things to people that don't buy the highest ticket thing also sell it on the phone if you can buy a call funnel or if you can make a call funnel work this is what gets you the best rois so what can be super high ticket what can be sold on the phone next what is missing in the marketplace this is one of the best things you need to look at so many people go out there and they sought at one prog let's say sam evans consulting course okay well about 50 200 consulting courses later if you go through youtube there's about 200 of these damn things you're going to be running ads against so many people that the cost acquire customer is so expensive just due the choices the customer has okay if the original pie of this marketplace right here was 100 million dollars and you could originally get a customer for let's say you could get a lead in for one dollar well the more people that start bidding on this the lower the profits get so let's imagine if we have 200 courses right here each course can only make two million bucks maybe some of them stand up and make five times more another but again it's it's extremely difficult when you're not the only person going for this thing and the cost per lead is going to skyrocket because all these people that have courses are going to start paying more and more so what happens is the cost per lead goes up and the total profit you can make is down so what can you do against these niches instead let's say you're in the consulting niche figure out a service that is high ticket you can sell on the phone to consulting businesses that nobody else is selling maybe it's optimizing their social media maybe it's optimizing their email campaigns maybe it's optimizing their youtube ads maybe it's going and getting them published on forbes or something like that find the service that much fewer people are selling that appeals to your target market so if you're selling the consultants and you got a 2 000 course or something like that or a membership or high ticket coaching or whatever think hmm how can i use a front-end maybe done for you service it's super expensive for consultants people will come in here to learn about it or get information on it or whatnot and then i can get them into here this is how you would go out there and really crush it with ads see what you need to understand is that when you're making ads it's like you're getting in a dog fight now look there's all sorts of roles for all sorts of dogs a chihuahua a poodle you know it's great for sitting on a paris hilton's lap doesn't mean the dog can't make money it doesn't mean the dog can't be a successful business but when you're going into an ad arena you're going against other people so you need to have a pitbull all right you need to genetically breed an offer to be a pitbull you need to make an offer specifically for ads first don't make the offer and then make the ads make the think about the ads and design the offer around the ads and then use the pitbull offer to get people in get leads in and then you can sell them poodles okay you can sell them poodles at a massive profit margin and then you're not paying a massive cost to get them in there that is how you kill it that is how i have grown high rose that is how i grew my last company market hero for example what we did is i said okay cool this offer this 49 per month offer absolutely tanking it not working at all i'm losing so much money up front it's not going to work well what i did instead is i made a 2 offer that i sold through a webinar okay and then i got people in to this webinar we made like a a 0.5 to sometimes 4x roi on the webinar when all payment plans and everything were coming in long story short it would to get leads in and then let's say i got 50 000 leads a month okay cool i can get a thousand of these people to sign up for my software that's ten thousand but you get it i get a thousand these people to sign up for my software bam my recurring revenue is increasing by 50k a month and this is where the real money starts coming because once i get this let's say we increase this this revenue this recurring revenue the 300k per month okay i'm just making this passively on top of it increasing and it's all fueled by this thing right here so i have a very successful business right here because if i just sold this thing right here this money wouldn't be made i'm able to make a little bit of money right here by selling the high ticket offer that's genetically bred for ads and i'm able to get leads in for free and so there i have a nice 350 k per month business this isn't our revenue and the numbers we were doing we actually did way more on this offer and what we're doing right here i'm just giving you right here i have a nice 350k per month business without ever having to lose money on ads that's how you make offers for ads that's what kills it on facebook so depending on what you're doing let's say you have supplements find a high ticket offer maybe a done-for-you camp a huge bundle of your your supplements together with an info marketing course find something you can sell for a thousand and two thousand dollars up front say you're selling courses find some ten thousand five thousand dollar done for you service you can sell up front that attracts the target customer okay say you're selling a sass find a way when you're designing your sas in the first place the best thing to do is find a way to make a high-ticket sas where you can sell enterprise maybe a 25 000 per month package or something like that that's where it's going to become so easy to run ads at because you can spend five thousand dollars just to get one customer you know you could spend 25 000 to get one customer and it's 12x profitable in a year that's that's where the juice is at say you're making a software or something like that so that being said guys that's the lesson for the day if you do this this is makes this is made this has been my secret to running ads this has been every successful business i know that has had a lot of success running ads without much effort they sell something they sell something matches the criteria they use the strategy i talked about selling low ticket things selling things that are not optimal for ads makes your life hard selling low ticket reoccurring things you lose money up front you have to wait six months you sell these complicated funnels they fall apart you have like these tripwire seven dollar ten dollar fifteen dollar thing it just becomes a real mess and it's hard to manage and you should check out the video from uh earlier this week where i talk about the perfect funnels for these things but if you can just make a big simple offer which the simplest way to make an offer and sell a high ticket is a call funnel that's the juice you're in so that being said guys one thing i would suggest use hyrus track accurately it will improve your roi on your ads 15 and 20 would literally guarantee it or you don't pay for it on top of that if you want help growing your business like i talked about you want help actually with the targeting making the procs doing everything we just covered check out my mastermind below this video we have more ad results than any other a youtube ad or ad mastermind online it's it's going to work for you again you don't pay for it finally what you also need to do check out the free courses on this channel just go to the channel becker of pyros be sure to subscribe because i release these videos every single week be sure to subscribe go check out all the free courses we have a youtube scaling course we have a facebook scaling reports and there's so much more on this channel about how to grow your ads and make way more money from your ads so that being said this has been alex becker and uh i'll see you next video be sure to subscribe smash that like button i don't have a good way to end this video [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: This Facebook Ad Made $50,000,000 (Full Breakdown)
VIDEO ID: H-kQzBDu-lA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-kQzBDu-lA
================================================================================

all right guys today on this channel where we talk about ads i'm going to show you the most profitable ad funnel i've ever seen on facebook i'm pretty sure i'm not going to give the exact number but this funnel did anywhere between 50 and 100 million dollars worth of sales and it is extremely simple the reason why i want to show you this funnel is because i see people trying to do all sorts of crazy things on facebook they have like these crazy book funnels and there's a wizard widget there's like surveys it blows my mind because that doesn't work what works is what i'm about to show you right here and i copy this exact process with hieros and that's one of the reasons why we're the fastest growing ad analytics sas company in the entire world that sounds like a doozy to say and i'm blown away by it too but it's true that being said let me just show you this funnel and break down why it works so well so you can take the reasons why it works because most people don't understand this is a pretty famous funnel actually and then you can take why it works and apply it to your funnel and hopefully get good results too because good results are pretty cool right all right let's get into it oh let's look at this and so today i'm going to be reviewing uh actually a good friend of mine alex from rosie's funnel and i'm sure it'd be fine with me looking at this because it's a pretty famous funnel but the reason why i love this right here is because it reflects that your strategy and offer are so much more important than your funnel okay so for example if you've ever seen the hi-ros funnel that we have it's literally a one-page call funnel okay and it does six to 10x rois like clockwork this is another example one of those funnels so let's just start from the ad there's nothing really special about this ad right here okay you can just simply see basic ad um really basic things that they've gotten right with this this funnel right here um the most important thing is going and posting uh results of your customers in the comments section this does pretty well it helps increase the ad uh basically just going over the results of a client right here now the text and everything i'm not really going to read through the picture all right it's mostly a retargeting ad the main thing i want to get at right here is the funnel because this funnel right here has done i i think maybe there's one other funnel on all of click funnels that's done more sales okay and it's like a i think a solar panel company if we're looking at just good old-fashioned info marketing funnels this thing has beaten every single person on planet earth and it's kind of weird because if you look at it it's a super basic funnel okay now personally i'm going to tell you straight up i'm going to tell you straight up i think if you look at my landing page and funnel design videos with how this page is designed how the headline works and everything i think mine are much better okay but that being said what i want to emphasize right here is how simple the funnel is okay if you look at most funnels you have a picture of someone you know riding a unicorn in a suit on stage talking with batman okay what all right you can see right here this is i want to get this through your head as you watch this video that funnels that work are simple for example if you look at my funnel right the hi-res funnel i i very much uh replicated the the gym launch funnel i made it as simple as possible there's a video where the call to action is two minutes in and it goes down to the bottom right here where they can book a call okay and there's no opt-in there's no anything so what i'm gonna stress right here is as you're making your funnels the first lesson i can show you as we look at this funnel is keep your funnel simple try to do less try to remove steps try not to add things i see people try to add like a book and in a survey and in an upsell down cell funnel number one take away first and foremost run simple funnels why because simple things are easy to optimize and simple things generate simple results and when you have a simple result and your your math problem is 2 plus 2 instead of 2 divided by 5 to the power of 16 times 11 it's a lot easier just to play with the the knot the the the toggles and the nozzles and the the widgets you need to do that for example if you're working with a computer that only has two buttons it's gonna be a lot easier to work with those two buttons and it's gonna be 50 buttons i explain that terribly but you get what i'm saying so we go in you can see this is all very basic stuff there where should we send your case study all right you can see i'm just going to go in and put in a basic email just nice basic opt-in right here so the thing i love most about this is it goes straight for the kill okay and this is what you really need to take away from this a lot of the pre-selling for this is actually done in the ad itself and it's so targeted that really there's no reason for alex in this ad really to make a big sales video because what people are signing up for and if you understand your customer coming in and you understand the context of their click this is the next big lesson context matters far more than marketing tactics i see a lot of people they put up a sales video or they have a webinar or they have some presentation regardless of the context of who's clicking so for example let me explain this a little bit clear away and um alex says it really well right here but in my funnel i know that i'm advertising the people that run ads and if you run ads you know every single type of popular funnel there is and you also know all the the marketing tactics and know that they're a little bit bs okay uh you you probably aren't gonna fall for them okay if i put up a webinar a pre-recorded webinar you're gonna know it's a pre-recorded webinar if i put up a sales video with all sorts of scale scarcity tactics you're going to know i'm using scarcity taxes you're going to recognize them if i put up an opt-in you know if you put in your email i'm probably going to start blasting you with an email follow-up chain as a marketer you know this as a person that runs ads you know this so i don't attempt to do that because i know you know that and i'm going to think what is the best way to convince you to do something the best way to convince you to do something is first off don't talk to you like you're an idiot okay so if i'm running like a health funnel all right and these are people looking to i don't know lose weight they're probably not familiar with marketing tactics so a our scarcity tactics could be well placed in that event using marketing tactics on marketers is just a great way of saying it's lying to someone's face so if i were to go up to you and for example the the sam ovens clothes is a very popular phone clothes everybody knows what that clothes is and when people start doing it the people that know what the clothes is it gets super awkward okay it's this clothes where people uh you basically are silent a lot of the time now this works on people that don't know what the clothes is but people that do know what the clothes is it's just weird okay it's like it's like going up to a girl at a bar uh that's heard the same pickup line 50 times and using the same pickup it's just disrespectful of the person's iq that's not me telling you how to market that's me telling you the context and understanding of my customers i know a person is coming right here is a marketer probably runs ads probably makes a good amount of money they're not going to watch this entire sales video because they're busy and they make a lot of money i haven't watched a sales video in half a decade i'm not imagining anybody else's so i make the call to action super and in this video and i also make what's happening on the page super clear so they can just scroll down and see everything super quickly see all the massive brands that use high roast the results that people get doubling their rois on ads tripling uh at least growing it by fifteen twenty percent you should use high rose by your ads by the way we guarantee it will increase your ad revenue by 15 and 20 percent or you don't pay it's insane if you run ads without it just letting you know again but i really know this person isn't going to fall for marketing tactics and they just want to get to the point so i get to the point on the page and i also give them ways to figure out uh exactly how they need to be sold to so i show them different points of software and i don't use any long drawn out pitch i don't use marketing tactics i don't use scarcity and i really shoot straight with them take that monologue aside you can see alex is doing literally just that right there okay with his funnel right here he just goes straight for the application because the person coming right here what's there to talk about he's gonna make their gym more money what's there to say they clicked here to make more money from their gym why does it need a sales video it doesn't if you go to any other funnel out there you got you got this crazy sales venue a guy in a suit walk around hd alex lilly just sticks an epin form right here this thing nukes it why because what's there to talk about what's where's there to get distracted just fill out the application we'll make you more money what he does right here is something you see me do a lot right here endless amounts of results okay he shows tons and tons and tons of results and so here's my little piece third piece of advice right here when you're not going for a sale you're mainly going to collect a lead or get a phone call you really don't need to sell too much you just have to you have to create intrigue or curiosity so what's going on yeah we got an application but why would this person not fill out this application what are they going to do what's the number one reason why they won't fill this out this is again why you need to know your customer in context because context matters they're not going to fill it out what's the first thing going to do they're going to keep scrolling well he's going to show them tons of results and then here's alex literally going to like a billion results into bonuses there's no debate that this product works then he shows himself with authoritative figures in the gym space you've got arnold schwarzenegger and all these people right here yaya so what do i do all right you come down here you're not going to book a call with me i'm going to think i'm going to in context i know you're going to think two things what is print tracking so i explain that first and i show the endless results and then i show authoritative figures using our software this is enough to get people to go you know what they guarantee it i sort of get what it is there's so many results everyone i know is using this okay i'm going to book a call i guarantee that's what most people do i can look at the watch time in this video only 30 percent of people watch this video so another thing you need to take away from this sales videos aren't that effective in calls funnels they are effective to an extent okay but they're not not 100 of people are watching your videos so it's another takeaway from this funnel and and the thing i like about this funnel again is it emphasizes all these points by being so bare bone okay people have been trying to replicate this thing and replicate alex's results they can't figure out why why i'm doing all these things i'm doing i have a magic book fun on all these things and this guy's whomping me with this here's the last secret when alex originally launched this there was no one else selling gym growth like this okay there's and the reason why it works really well right now is alex just has more results than anybody on planet earth but there's no one selling it like he made a unique offer that worked literally every single time and i'm going to tell you here's the most important thing about hiros and the most important thing about the reason why this offer grew and why this ad works like gangbusters is because when they bring a person on to their business their their clients always get results now this is going to sound so stupid your the best way your proc is going to grow is from word of mouth ads are meant to be the start of a snowball okay your business should pick up momentum the more people buy from ads and then you should be able to turn off your ads at some point it will still make money for example about fifty percent of the sales at hiros are organic i can turn off my ads for two weeks and we will still do phenomenal numbers why is that well it's because we've been running ads for almost a year and a half we've got tons of people in and we have thousands of customers in and for every customer you get we get two more customers referred by them usually same thing with alex's gym launch people would come in and they would consistently get incredible results so there's two things you need to understand about this you need to have a unique offer that is something that people desperately want okay there's nothing really like this in a gym area okay high risk for example there's nothing that really solves the problem that hyrus solved initially i'm sure there'll be copycats and there's a few other businesses but they're not really marketing well okay and that's not a dig at those businesses if you're one of our competitors i'm not going to grow my business by talking smack about you i'm going to grow my business by focusing on my customer i'm not here to trash your business that being said the reason why harris is growing is because originally it was just a very unique offer there's nothing else out there that can fix the problems that hiros can and the ways that we do it as consistently and we started running ads with high-risk ads weren't that effective but as hiros became a more recognized brand and the results became more well-known ads work like crazy now i i could it's impossible for me not to make money on these ads okay so on top of that too focus on your product if you want your ads to work better when we're marketing especially in these industries you see all these people that come in they have really good ad campaigns and they go up and they go down why because you run out of you run out of buyers the bad word of mouth gets out there eventually your business has to grow through word of mouth okay apple doesn't run that many ads compared to how many people come in their store your business has to eventually grow through word of mouth now here's the final tip i can give you two final tips alex's products is expensive hiros is expensive if you want to make your ads work well on facebook with your funnels sell expensive products i've talked about this in every video so far the numbers just simply work out the numbers work much better if you're selling a ten thousand dollar product versus a eighty dollar product why because if let's say you send a thousand people in at five dollars per click and you get one of those people to buy a ten thousand dollar product you're profitable if you get a hundred if you get a seven percent conversion rate on a twenty dollar product something around the number numbers barely even work out and that's an insane conversion rate sell expensive products final thing the reason why harris works so well is because it's reoccurring okay if if we run our ads and it break in people we break even on our ads we're still going to make tons of money on the back end so much money in the back end okay if i spend ten thousand dollars to get a uh a customer that pays five thousand dollars up front i'm still probably going to make about four to five thousand dollars profit i don't pay anywhere near that to get that type of customer okay so i can pay you know five thousand dollars get a five thousand dollar customer make ten thousand dollars profit no problem easy i can pay so much to get a customer if you look at this funnel right here one of the things that gym launch does exceptionally well is they have a very very deep back and i'm not going to explain that to you um but jim launch has so many things that they also help gym owners with that are also high ticket as well so even if they break even on this initial sale right here they make so much money in their back end so they can spend they can just be very reckless with these ads and this funnel doesn't even have to be that tight up front all right it can be kind of a reckless funnel that just builds the brand because it's all in the back end okay so that's this funnel review and the reason why i want to do this i wanted to share with you that the most profitable funnels you're going to see usually the most simple ones they're usually the easiest ones and what they all share in common is they're usually pretty simple there's a excessive results the product is a unique offer and the product has a phenomenal back end that's it it's not something that's going to go on on your facebook ad it's not something that's going to go on magically in your funnel you're not going to change the headline like find some secret survey you can add in there that's going to blow it up every person i know that's made 50 plus million dollars the funnels aren't that complicated they're very simple to get the difference is the offer the product the results the testimonials of course that come with the results and understanding the context of the customer that's extremely important too that's it guys this is the training i have for you today this is probably one of the better videos i've made on here because this explains really the secret to selling via ads and uh i'll see in the next video subscribe to this channel and also if you want help with your ads check out my mastermind below we have more ab results than any other ad mastermind online period and you should also check out hiros at least go to the website skim around because it will increase your ad roi by 15 to 20 because you'll be working with accurate data versus bad data and when you use accurate data you get better results because accurate data leads to accurate action bad data leads to inaccurate action like turning off the wrong ads and scaling the wrong ads and wasting money that's it i'll see in the next video has been becker ceo of hyrus [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: This Page Hack Drops Facebook Ad Cost 52%
VIDEO ID: hHJSoHQW1hE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHJSoHQW1hE
================================================================================

point blank if you apply what i show you in this video to your landing pages you're going to see much higher conversions just period i'm going to walk you through some of my highest converting pages and some of the highest converting pages of all time that i've ever seen from youtube ads from facebook ads and i'm going to show you the micro optimizations and the big optimizations that i know other people have made and i have made and that for example people in my ad mastermind we have the best youtube ad results of any ad mastermind on planet earth i'm not telling you that to get you to join the mastermind i'm telling you that because i consistently show hundreds of people in this mastermind this exact strategy this exact landing page design and it just every single time improves their conversions so it works it's easy to do and i'm just going to show you this in this video if you want to know why i'm showing this my name is alex becker i'm the ceo of hyrus it's the fastest growing ad analyst company in the entire world i've also generated 10 plus million dollars in sales from facebook ads and over 20 million dollars in sales from youtube ads and i tell you exactly how i did that and how i've helped other people do it so as you will grow your business to a point with ads that you need proper attribution which is what hirose does if you just use proper attribution you're gonna see much much much higher rois on your ads and you're gonna save way way more money we actually guarantee that and we actually guarantee that and deliver that every single time which is why pretty much everybody uses hi-ros these days that being said i want to show you this so you can grow your ad account first so that maybe you come back around and use hiros in the future so let's just hop into it okay guys so let's talk about this by reviewing two of my most successful landing page styles of all time so what i see people try and do in their landing pages and i'm just going to give you about three or four tips you apply these you can do so much better tip number one stop trying to communicate so many different things okay so you can see in this one right here youtube ad template i've used to generate over 18 million dollars in sales get my copy and paste ad scripts and targeting swipe files you see how simple this is to comprehend what i see happen all the time with people in their landing pages is they try to convey like my ten step formula to help me move out of my parents house and finally achieve a financial freedom by xyz by using a secret amazon style thing get get your free bonus and template okay what you need to do is you want to focus on only using words in as few words as possible while still being extremely impactful without distracting the human mind in too many different directions and you want to communicate something very very simple in every page the results you're looking for in a repeatable easy way and then that's it okay without effort the results you're looking for without effort you can take anything else from anything it's that youtube ad template i've used to sales what does template can convey easy repeatable what is it that they want the result they're looking for money from youtube ads get my copy and paste ad scripts and targeting swipe files this again conveys without effort copy and paste without saying it this is extremely important on any type of opt-in or call booking page okay look how simple this page is right here and there's not much else being communicated why because what do we need to communicate let's just remove the the rest of this page right here okay because you're gonna see there's literally not much communicated right here okay but again it's communicating the same thing what are we communicating right here we don't need to communicate too much if a person wants this right here they're going to opt in for it and a little tip and give you an opt-in pages is find a way to hook in without effort and easy into something that they can download or copy or or obtain okay if you just offer that simply right there people are going to do it and you and if you focus on being very simple keeping everything else basic it's going to work that's why on opt-in pages that's why on my landing page designs whenever i link a page to an ad to a page i keep it abysmally simple that's why when you go to like apple's website you're going to see something very similar to my designs right here because i copied apple okay how highros uses ai tracking to instantly increase ad roi and really this page this video is going to mostly just be about headlines look how high-risk uses ai tracking increase at roi how you can get a higher ad roi without doing anything that's what gets them to watch the video that's it or you don't pay okay so this is this is basically saying you're going to get everything you want without any effort or you don't pay for it this is a this is a just look how simple the communication is i'm not using a lot of words i'm not explaining a lot because the point of headlines is to get people to read the rest of the pages to get people to take an action it's not to explain everything that's happening okay that's a huge thing you need to do on your landing page understand headlines are meant to get a person to take action and take interest in the rest of the page not explain everything that's going to be happening people try to do too much in every section instead of letting sections do their own thing okay so i'm not really going to talk about the sales video because if you actually go in this video there's an exact walk through step by step of how this sales video works the sales video converts like crazy and you get walked completely through it for free on our hirose blog or on our hirose channel right now so you should really subscribe to it and if you need help writing these things and whatnot check out my ad mastermind below we have more results than any other ad mastermind on planet earth you should check it out it works pretty well so look i want to also show you what's going on in this page right here when you're writing pages what a lot of people try to do is they try to follow just some template and marketing script because that's what makes sense but the most important thing i'm going to tell you on any page or any funnel that you make is focus on context of who you're talking to and what they're thinking when they land on the page of course copywriting tactics have their place but more so thinking what is a person going to think when they land on the page this is the best copywriting tactic it's worked very well for me i've done very well with ads so it at least works somewhat i will tell you that and what i do when a person lands on the page is i think what is the person going to do in the land of page they're going to come here and they're gonna we need to hook them with this so i gotta hook them then i gotta get them to watch this video but they're probably not gonna watch this video or like 50 of them won't watch this video okay so what am i going to do next well i'm just going to say if you're short or they're going to watch very little of it so what if people watch very little of it well they're going to get hit in the first two minutes with all the benefits of hyrus and all the excessive proof that we increase people's ad rois by 20 30 percent literally every time we guarantee it you should use it it's silly if you don't that being said i predicted people are going to only watch two to three minutes of the video so i assume they're just going to scroll down and say look if you're short on time do this now what people are going to do on this page also is they're going to skim through or they're gonna watch two minutes of this video and then they're gonna just pop up questions so what i do is i answer the questions i think they're gonna have right off the bat what is print tracking okay boom okay and then i explain it in very very simple terms i never use any complicated terms i never use a lot of text anywhere why have you seen how people use the internet people don't read anymore they just simply don't they read big chunks of words okay so i use big chunks of words and pictures in my copywriting now another thing i'm gonna tell you is look at how simple this page is a lot of people have graphics and griffins and wizards flying around their page i could do that if i wanted i have the designers to do it i could draw a raven you know fighting a unicorn with with cyborg implants if i wanted on this page but i don't for a spare specific reason i want to be communicated very simply i use black backgrounds white text or i would use white backgrounds and black text and you can see i'm not using tons of colors and i'm just using red to stand out in key places okay just to give it a little bit of flair so it's not super boring to look at why am i doing this because i don't want complication i want simplicity at all points of the page so that my message is communicated in an understandable way too many people try to have way too much going on in their pages i'm not going to review pages but you can go to any sas company page you go to anyone there's just so much text and so much information to digest people don't you're you only have probably 20 of a person's attention when they're looking their page they got they got their cryptocurrency prices in upper right-hand corner they got their facebook thing dinging off they got telegram pinging them you only have you have very little of the human brain okay so if you're going to try and communicate with them in a deep way it's just not going to happen that's when that's the job of the sales videos that's a job of your webinars that's the job of your sales calls teams okay what we're trying to do right here is just get the bare enough attention to make the person uh just understand we're gonna get them these results and then give them the book a call that's that's all we're trying to do okay so what does this page really show you're going to get the results without effort here's what it is here's why it works here's all the results it's gotten you want to book a call do you want to book a call do you want to book a call and most people are going to book a call at this point right here now of course when we're doing like a webinar funnel or a longer sales video you know we're going to have to rely on the sales video to do a lot more of the heavy lifting this is why you don't necessarily want giant pages of text when you're not going for something that's really easy like a phone call you usually just want just a sales video and then all the the rest of the hoop plot comes out that's what a webinar is for that's what a longer form video is for okay one other final thing i'm going to show you that just works really well is what i like to call the endless conga line of i'm just giving you random land and landing page tips in this video if you haven't figured out yet there's really no objective with this video i just sat down like what do people want what's going to help them landing page tips look one tag that i've used forever is called the conga line of results if back in the day when i used to launch procs on war for a forum and i was the general piece of uh just kidding i love you war reform people you're great um but look back in the day when i used to launch procs like like a goofball on forums one thing that was super powerful was just posting an endless scrollable line of results and so you're going to notice on almost every sales page i have i line up results in a way so that people have to scroll past them why because people don't read results they don't read results they they but they take in how much they're scrolling one thing you can do when you're showing results is you don't necessarily want your landing page to be too long in my opinion people just aren't going to read all that it just they just really aren't what you want to do is you want to make them feel like the results are endless which i mean at high risk they pretty much are so this is easy for us to do but you want them to make them feel like the results are endless so they just go i'm not going to read all that this thing obviously works that's another really really really useful landing page tool you can use and then when you're showing testimonials results specifically long-winded results take the gist of what the people are saying and put those next to the results okay that's going to help a lot because people aren't going to read this they aren't going to read this this is just proof that what is right here is true so if they want to go prove it they can but most people aren't going to read this okay most people aren't going to read this stuff right here and then finally the last thing i'm going to show you is when people click away from your pages to the thing you want them to do keep it hyper simple you can see when they click this page right here they can't scroll down if they want but it's just pow pow like this is this is the only thing they can do right here there is nothing else there's no other there's no other pages for them to click to there's no terms of service there i mean it's at the bottom of the page of course there's nowhere else from the go same thing with this page right here right this is what i link ads to okay and this is why i keep this page so insanely simple there's nowhere for them to go there's nowhere for them to get lost on this page okay i see people they have like their whole entire website blinks up here like person a person be like oh yeah i do want to know about this guy or like hey i do want to like uh see pricing and whatnot no when you have a funnel there should be no escape from the funnel okay except the place you want them to go there's nowhere for you to go on this except here and there's nowhere for you to go on this page except here okay and uh those are the tips i'm going to give you for the day if you guys want more tips leave some questions in the comments and i will 100 percent get two mo i'll look at what you're saying and i'll post stuff about that on top that be sure to subscribe for this subscribe to this channel because i release videos like this three times a week because i told you before if i help you grow your business via your ads you're going to need proper attribution with hiros because if you have proper attribution and feed that data back to ai's at ad platforms you're just going to make more money from your ads we guarantee it and thousands of people use hiros the guarantee is beyond proven at this point so you should check the link below this video if you want more information on that on top that check out the link to my ad mastermind below it literally has more results than any other ad mastermind especially for youtube online it is absolutely incredible it's delivered so many results and has the same excessively long guarantee that hyrus does because it just plain works it's been alex becker thanks so much for watching subscribe so you catch the next video be sure to check it all out it's very cool i don't know in this video so i'll see you next time [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: What I Learned Generating 10 Mil With FB ADs
VIDEO ID: WAlACPfbI9o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAlACPfbI9o
================================================================================

in my career i've generated tens of millions of dollars strictly just from facebook ads alone now look i don't want to toot my horn but most of the things people do on facebook ads are counter intuitive counterproductive to actually going and making your ads scale the things i see every single day looking at accounts at highrost which is the fastest growing ad tracking company in the world so i have a little bit insight in what's working and what's not and what i see is a lot of people are doing things that really limit their accounts and if you do what i show you in this video i can almost nearly guarantee you're going to see a 20 to 50 increase in your ads because frankly these things are not that simple it's not like you have to go and rework the entire system and then get albert einstein and elon musk and have them make a baby and then have them come optimize your system without you really just have to go and understand what is going to make facebook move forward and what's going to make it move backwards i'm also sorry about making you picture the baby of elon musk and albert einstein in your head i apologize so that being said that's what we're gonna get into you should also subscribe this channel because i alex becker have nearly a decade's worth of experience over 30 million dollars in sales and advertising alone and i also am the ceo of the fastest-growing ad tracking company in the world iros which gives me even more cool insights so you subscribe because i'm just going to tell you everything i know and everything i see because if you're at scale you're probably going to need to get better attribution which you can get through highros which is guaranteed to increase the roi in your ads by 15 20 or you don't pay no seriously you should check it out after this video but let's get into this okay guys so we're at the white board of truth and justice if you want to know why it's called that it's because there's a lot of truth and justice going on here so if you're an evildoer who lies a lot you should probably you should probably back away from this video it might make your skin burn so look i'm just going to start with the top five things you need to be doing on facebook if you just do these five things you're gonna have a good time so let's just start from the top the number one thing i can tell you about facebook ads or any ads in general but super duper facebook ads just go high ticket what does this mean so what high ticket means is you want to be highly priced for your industry so for example if you're like in the fitness industry 297 to a thousand dollars is high ticket if you're in the b2b uh software industry ten thousand dollars would be high ticket if you're in the info industry or you're selling information courses five thousand dollars would be high ticket you got to really look at your industry overall and see what the higher end products being sold are the ones that are more expensive you don't really have to rack your brain on this i can guarantee there's high ticket products being sold in your face and the deeper you can get towards the high-end spectrum the better now what i mean by high-end is don't just make take your product and be like now it's five thousand dollars i was selling it for a hundred dollars yesterday that means look at the products selling for five thousand dollars in your space the most expensive things selling so for example in sas i'm in sas you can look at something like segment when it originally came out they were selling i think for like ten thousand dollars up front or they sell large business packages if you look at hubspot back in the day the way they really made their ads work really well is they start charging a year up front that's high ticket they found a way to make their product high ticket if you look at some info products out there in info coaching instead of selling a 47 product people sell a more exclusive mastermind for i don't know ten thousand dollars this is what i'm referring to right here and you might even be wondering how can i do this in something like the supplement space it's quite easy you just find a way to package all your products together into a larger upfront sale and you can actually just go out there and actually slap some info marketing or a course on top of it to increase the value even more so for example i believe dr axe was selling all the supplements all together with like a uh gut healing course at the same time for 199 to 297 which is pretty high ticket in the supplement space i've seen people do this all the way up to like 497. why do you want to bend over backwards to do this it's very simple your goal with ads and the best way to make your ads hyper profitable like insanely profitable is to make your goal of your ads to acquire customers at a profit what does this mean so most people's goal of their ads is just to make profit this is bad because it actually slows your business down a whole lot you want to acquire customers first as your main goal while making a profit or breaking even but when you go high ticket you can have the best of both worlds why is this so important why is it so important so the hardest part of a business is getting not sales from ads it is going and getting enough customers in your brand to consistently not need ads if you can make a brand where you have a customer base that repeatably buys you are going to be comically wealthy that is the number one main thing now how can we best acquire customers how can we scale up so we acquire customers as easily as possible easy the ads have to be profitable if you have a if you have an ad for every thousand dollars you spend you make two thousand dollars back while acquiring let's say 100 customers at 10 each you could scale that ad all the way to 20 000 a day in theory and be capturing excuse me if i mess up my math any point in this video 2 000 new customers a day who can then come and spend let's say if each of them spends with you over the rest of the year an additional twenty dollars well you're pumping out forty thousand dollars a day in additional revenue on top of let's say i don't know forty thousand dollars a day of actual revenue coming in at a twenty thousand dollar hard cost this is juicy even if we remove this right here this is juicy see the problem with ads it's really hard where most people get caught up is it's really hard to convert people from cold traffic you're you're going to have some people they're going to buy but most people are not going to buy so the key here is just look at this simple metric right here let's say we have a thousand people come through a funnel and we have a 99 product okay if we have only 10 of people buy this product right here which is the most insane conversion rate ever you're not going to have 10 of people come from a cold funnel and buy ever especially at 99 let's imagine this is an insane super crazy world it's the best funnel ever you're going to make 10 000 for that thousand people that came in but let's imagine to get those thousand people to come in you're paying ten dollars per person which is very reasonable okay very reasonable so let's imagine you run this it costs you ten dollars per lead you get a thousand people in ten percent of those people buy at 99 okay cool so we get 100 sales at 100 bucks got 10 000 bucks whoo awesome that sounds pretty good right except we just literally broke even even with the world's greatest converting funnel so let's imagine we we switch this up a little bit we keep the same exact numbers but we get a thousand people in and we get one percent of them to buy a two thousand dollar product just one percent not great conversion rates okay we get one percent of them buy a two thousand dollar product well we just made twenty thousand dollars in sales and we get one percent of them to buy a two thousand dollar product well we just made uh twenty thousand dollars in sales i'm sorry i'm drawing this very badly but there you go you know one percent of people in the funnel that's ten two thousand dollar we doubled our money while getting the same thousand people into the business that's just why it works and i'm gonna tell you it's way easier to do this than it is to do this because there's gonna be a certain amount of people that come into your funnel that are just really targeted customers and really want to buy so let's say we're selling information on how to improve your businesses facebook ads okay and we could sell a 99 course or we could just go a little bit higher ticket and make a more exclusive uh master course for two thousand dollars it's gonna be impossible to do this it's gonna be extremely easy to do this the same concept applies in almost every niche any niche i've ever seen going high ticket with your ads is a better way then you can sell anything else you want because you have this thousand people in your business that are now targeted customers they know who your brand is they know what you're all about they can buy your other products but more importantly we got these thousand people in for free while making a ten thousand dollar profit that's the big coconut right here and then we can make we can retarget these people right here we can market to them more we can put them on an email list we can do all sorts of things to them and it's going to do this i stress to you i very rarely see businesses crush it with this and i see businesses crush it non-stop doing this so the next lesson i have for you is keep your ads simple and basic when i see people running facebook ads i see all these ones with dramatic videos they have like these cameras flying around and they have all these things going on and the first thing you need to understand when it comes to ads is the most important thing you can ever do with ads is be able to get fast feedback loops because a lot of times even if you go and make the world's best shot ad it's probably not going to work okay most ads fail so investing tons of time in an ad or investing tons of effort into an ad instead of going and getting ads out quickly is actually going to just ruin your chances of having effective ads it's way better to make almost sloppy or simple to make ads that you can quickly put out there and get an answer back very quickly so you can find the answer and message that works because what gets people to buy on facebook and what gets people to go through your ads on facebook is the message and that's really it people want to people are going to react to certain wordings of your proc certain benefits and certain angles and your main goal as a person run ads is to find out that message so let me explain it like this when i started up hi-ros a lot of people think well i just need to make better shot ads or more in-depth ads or talk more in ads no no no no no at hirers i started off with three messages okay i started off with three different messages let's just say folk let's say i'm running a b2b ad in general okay let's say i'm running a b2b ad for roofers first ad focuses on saving money for roofers next one's focuses on making more money the next one focuses on using a special optimization to get them more customers a cheat list or something like that let's say a cheat list okay when i was running a house i had four or five different messages i tested i used the same filming setup the same simple simple videos i'll show you here in a second this message didn't work this message didn't work this message went it's insane okay out of the five messages i used one of them went absolutely nuts and my ad costs plummeted my ab results skyrocketed the ad results did not come from me filming a better video in fact if i'd spent tons of time making in-depth videos and i just committed to those ones i wanted to be able to get that feedback loop fast enough to find out the message in my business that was actually converting people the way i made ads that worked really well was simply by making simple ads that i could produce rapidly that's the most important thing you can see right here look at this ad right here this ad performs super well performed super well let's skip the fluff let's skip the fluff however lowers add costs by as much as 52 while increasing roi period here's how i'm not going to read the rest of it because all there is is a picture of me saying are tracking ai skills your ads are you don't pay this ad right here crushes it it is simply a picture of me taken last year with some simple text and a picture of elon musk with his with ai stamped on his head that took me literally 15 seconds to make and then the headline right here new ai gets customers cheaper learn more okay i took this ad right here is actually very complicated because it took many iterations and micro changes to do but overall to produce the overall ad and then get feedback on those micro changes and optimization took seconds feedback loops are how you improve ads quickly not by going and making complicated ads i guarantee if we just go through my facebook news feed right now extremely well-shot well-filmed ads like this going through look we can talk about all day if there's some benefit to this and i'm sure having slightly more professional ads works really well but this this looks like a tv commercial right here and this doesn't even have subtitles but i guarantee right here it took them so long to make this video right here like there had to be multiple people involved in this we had to get this good crazy camera set up right here all the photography all this stuff going on we don't even know if this is the ad message that works the best we don't even know if this is what converts people we don't even know if what's being said in the video is something that hooks people we got to find that hook and then if you're going to make these complicated videos you're going to make more complicated more professional ads get your message first split test ugly simple ads they'll come kingdom comes find the one that gets you to absolute lowest lowest conversion rates or lowest cost of acquisition rates and then make the professional video i can almost guarantee you that the professional video will do worse i've had powerpoint presentation ads destroy well-shot will optimize well beautiful ads that i've made okay so take that to heart next thing with your ads this is where everybody dies in facebook this is where literally every single person dies in facebook there's two markets you can only get into all right so let's say you're in the space for teaching real estate agents to get more clients there's only two markets you can focus on that will work and allow you to scale let's say we're in real estate teaching people to get more clients you can either focus on people who are absolute beginners aka they've never even thought of making real estate uh their their business they've never thought of getting in the real estate and actually becoming a real estate agent okay or you sell the people that are already making let's say 50 000 a year from real estate what most people do in facebook is they try to market to both these audiences at once this is the biggest single mistake on facebook ads everyone does this and then they can't get on the youtube ads because youtube ads punishes this 10 times when facebook does see what facebook does when you first get into is most people try to market to both at once so they're gonna make a course that can help beginners start their first real estate business but also is designed for existing real estate agents who are already making money this works on facebook to a certain extent because at low scale you can really target both these people right here and the market and the targeting on facebook is forgiving enough to let you get away from this but the second you start to say scale what happens is you go into a broader market and you start advertising to more people in facebook's optimization is just not nearly as good at this level all right and it doesn't matter there isn't enough people in this this targeting bubble for it to work even if it had the best optimization okay there just isn't enough people for you to go this this far out in scaling for it to bring you enough customers to scale with so what you have to do is you have to make sure you advertise to only one of the spectrum so you can maximize who you're advertising to you can't advertise the two people at once they're in completely different positions it doesn't work and so people do is they do this and they keep trying to scale out and then their ads keep dying this is why ninety percent of people's ads die and they can't scale on facebook and this is why e-commerce businesses have such an easier time scaling on facebook because they never try to market really outside their niche if they're selling something if they're selling a supplement that helps people lower their cholesterol they're only selling to those people that's it maybe men uh 40 to 60 they pick their demographic and they just go in on it the thing with almost every other niche people don't pick a demographic and go in on it if you pick a demographic and go in on it you're going to dominate it and you're actually going to see better rois at low and you might not even have to scale so for example at hiros i only need to spend two thousand three thousand dollars a day to [Music] generate tens tens and tens and tens of thousands of dollars a day i'm not going to get into the exact metrics but it's a lot all right so either make a product for existing real estate agents making money and in your ads do not focus on beginners you can even say this is not for beginners this is for real estate agents making only 50 000 plus a year or say this is for absolute beginners this is for absolute beginners you this is this is the easiest way to make money ever this is a great way to make money you don't even mention real estate in the ad why do you do this because beginners are going to be repulsed by a course that is too in-depth and too focused on real estate up front they're going they're looking for a way to make money quickly they're looking for a way to get started without effort okay so they're going to gravitate towards something that's super beginner oriented and start for someone who's just looking to start their first business ever that's what they're going to gravitate to they're not going to want to buy a course that's even sort of made for a real estate agent can be like i'm not in real estate i have all these pre-existing expectations and i've never done it before blah blah blah i'm going to go for this course over here that tells me i can make money starting this new fresh crazy business that's what they're going to go for and then real estate agents are going to be repulsed by any course that even is sort of for beginners why because they are not a beginner why would they buy a course that's sort of for a beginner if i'm buying a set of golf clubs and i'm an expert golfer i'm going to buy expert level golf clubs i'm not going to buy an expert level a golf club that sort of works for beginners and is sort of awesome for experts i'm going to buy something that's tailored for me if i'm a beginner i'm not going to buy expert golf clubs i'm not going to buy middle tier golf clubs i'm going to buy beginner golf clubs so don't be in the middle tier because you can't scale the metal tier okay you can you can stay very low scale and so a very expensive product of super targeted people do very well you can go mega high scale and sell to mass people so for example if you want to take over the golf market guess what 90 80 percent of the golf market i would not be surprised is mostly people who play once a year or are beginners in golf and if you're gonna get the largest chunk of that market you got to make it for the beginner golfer the end and the five percent of the market that is expert level golfers that will spend ten thousand dollars on a pair of clubs they're not gonna buy anything else except those ten thousand dollar club so just make the ten thousand dollar clubs insult them that's how you're gonna make the money on facebook the next thing i'm gonna tell you that is so incredibly important is look at the overall stats so if i go and look at let's just say last 30 days on this okay so i go and look at these stats right here a lot of people are going to go and they're going to look at like this one uh we're once let's just even go like we'll go to like delivery okay and they're going to look at all these stats video engagement they're going to dig through all of these these are all useless these are all useless stats there's only one stat that matters and a few major stats after that that are important and the best way you can make progress in ads is understand this simple concept roi is all that matter matters okay because in context of everything this is it cpc cpm all of this is irrelevant why because you can have a great cpc and a bad roi you can have a great cpm and a bad roi what i look at at ads let's say i'm running a webinar funnel or let's say i'm running a call funnel what i'm going to look at is key metrics this would be cost per lead okay everybody at ops in cost per call and an overall in context of roi if roi is bad none of these matter but you have to understand that let's say cost per call and cpl or cost per opt-in these indicate under a reflection of the other stats okay so look we could have a great cpm but if our cost per call is high it doesn't matter if we have a great cpm and our cost per lead is high doesn't matter what is going to control cpo and cost per click and an inflation roi is going to be the message of the ad so for example we could have an ad that has terrible cost per click but a good cpl and an amazing roi an amazing roi you could also have an ad that has a great cost per click a great cpl and a terrible roi why is this let's imagine i was running an ad in the info marketing space okay and i was selling a ten thousand dollar mastermind well i could have an ad that talks about beginning your first business online and is very very broad and appeals to everybody then i can have an opt-in that appeals to everybody so i can have a great cost per click attract tons of people into the funnel a great cpl tons of people who are really cheap leads and facebook guys are opting in and none of them buy the product okay so what you need to do is you don't want to be looking at cpc or cpm you want to make sure your ad is bringing in the right people which is going to be reflected by your roi and then you want to go and once that roi is there focus on the key metrics right here what i focus on high risk is exclusively the cost per call since i know i'm bringing in the right people at this point so look my cost per call right here is going to then be a reflection of my cpm and my cpc if my ad is doing its job and getting the right people in based on the roi and cost per call then it's naturally going to go down and so then what i try and do while focusing on the message of the ad is lower the cost per call by making the ad and the opt-in or the the funnel better okay that's what i'm going to try and lower i'm never going to try and lower these other stats that i can't control you can't control your cpm and frankly your cpm doesn't matter this is what matters right here focus on the key metrics finally that being said my last tip for you is again get the metrics that actually matter one of the biggest problems with facebook ads i'm going to show you straight up is that the attribution is usually not correct because facebook is wildly inaccurate with its its view view conversions if people skim through an ad okay i skim past this ad right here i look at this for two seconds skin pass facebook is going to give itself credit if you don't have last click only attribution on okay on top of that you have to understand if you have a business as any other traffic sources like look if you have a business that's just exclusively if you have a small e-commerce business for example and you don't have any back-end sales you don't have any other interaction with your business besides the ad and the sale not going to be entirely hard for facebook to track but if you have a business where you have google searches you have ads you have youtube ads running you have an email list you have people just organically interacting with the business on a daily basis coming back and buying more facebook is going to start giving it credit for like literally everything because this prom right here if there's ever a click at any time it's just gonna give itself credit because it doesn't talk to the rest of your business this results in you doing all sorts of goof troopery the biggest thing would be investing in ads that aren't paying off like for example facebook said this one generated two calls it didn't it didn't and what i'm looking at right here is the hi-ros chrome extension which again i can go look at all the very very deep traffic tracking that's in the hirosh dashboard but if i just click here i can go and see exactly who came in and i can see exactly where they clicked and where they came from from i can see everything this person did and i can see all the ads this person clicked on the way there you can see they actually clicked multiple facebook ads came through and then came through our email list and came in this is where they came in at okay click clicked welcome on one of our emails so i can see exactly where this guy came from and i can see that this guy's first click wasn't even on the date that facebook was giving it facebook gave credit right here okay which it did and so of course the credit right here is accurate but this guy right here actually clicked for the first time in 2020 all right almost six months ago so you need to have correct attribution because you're gonna be investing in ads that aren't actually paying off and you're gonna be killing ads that are paying off for example this one right here reported two calls i actually got four calls from okay at this point right here the cp cost per call right here is acceptable for me even at 150 bucks uh at 71 dollars actually but i'm actually getting 35 calls i need to be like quadrupling down on this ad on top of that feeding this data back to facebook is incredibly important i don't do it on this account because it's one of my smaller accounts my bigger accounts that i use for more serious business stuff i feed the data back to facebook and it allows the the ai to optimize much better because again it's missing half the data right here that it should be optimizing for so what i suggest you do get some type of attribution software if you're interested in having that and not wasting money on bad ads and saving a lot more money on ads that aren't actually performing well and increasing ads that are performing well and then combining it with ai optimization to make your ads perform much better overall check out hirose below this video there's no reason to be running any ads at scale without something like high risk and again we guarantee that you're going to see a 15 to 20 minimum increase in your ads or you don't pay for it so check it out when the video's done maybe and really guys that's that's the video for today if you do those five things that most people don't do it's so simple those things that broke down most people just don't do those and it's why they are wasting so much money and time on facebook ads they're spending so much time in their dashboard and playing with all these irrelevant stats and going to agencies and all these things when it's really quite simple if you just nail the things that actually matter that being said guys subscribe to the channel i'm releasing three videos like this week going forward to covering youtube ads funnels everything if you're in the ads for your business and want to make more money from your ads i'm just going to tell you how to do it and i know how to do it if you want a little bit more something if you want a little bit if you want something a little bit more on death check out my iron mastermind below this video i have more results when it comes to ads than any other ad mastermind that's being offered online right now i'm not even joking you can click below and see all the results and again if you don't see results you're not happy with it all my products have a ridiculously long refund guarantee you don't pay if you don't see results that simple so that being said this is alex becker i'll see in the next video thanks for being cool and checking this out and hanging out with me for 30 minutes you must be really sick of me by now and uh i'll see in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: ULTIMATE Facebook Video Ad BLUEPRINT
VIDEO ID: VwPznbPTp7Y
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwPznbPTp7Y
================================================================================

most people are terrible at facebook video ads they just are it's not an insult it's not a dig it's just not these aren't going to convert guys what i'm going to show in this video is exactly what will make your videos convert much higher this is in terms of clicks but this is also in terms of people landing on the page in a much more likely to buy state okay if you understand how to start videos with the same the middle videos the proper length and how the format the colors the text all these little things that are actually really important on where the eye lands in the video you're going to get such better results from your ads okay so why am i telling you this well straight up i'm the ceo of hiros it's the fastest growing ad attribution company in the world because um we basically guarantee results people consistently at least see a 15 20 increase in their ad roi from our a optimization and print tracking or they don't pay but what that gives me is a little special insight on how our industry works and evolves and i'll never share anyone's data i will show you the trends in industry and what i've learned from growing two businesses to eight figures almost exclusively from ads so that being said let's hop in the value because i'm going to show you exactly how to make your videos convert so much higher if you just do this it's simple it's easy and it could actually go and increase your business significantly because if you get more clicks at a cheaper cost that's going to give you cheaper conversions and more of them that can be a big result if you get like a 20 50 more increase from that and it's quite simple to do if you just listen to this let's get into it okay guys so like always i'm just going to get into this i'm really going to be comparing ads that i just don't think are optimal to my ads that have performed very optimally okay again i'm not taking digs at these businesses i'm not here to i'm not here to smack them or anything like that i just from my experience seeing tons of ads working at hiros these aren't optimal so let's just get started with the most important thing when it comes to video ads judging your video ads performance what most people get lost in is they look at the cost per view and the cost per click this is pretty irrelevant are these things relevant in the in a micro scale yes but the only thing that really matters is your cost per acquisition and then overall your revenue you have to understand that i could get an amazingly low cost per view on my video ads if i just put a cat on it and just rambled and made the cat do cute things i could go and get very low cost per clicks if i say click here and you'll get free things this doesn't mean the ads can perform well you need to understand that your goal with that is to attract your target customer and if you're really attracting your target customer sometimes your cost per viewing cost per click will be expensive what is important is that you attract people and put them in a state of mind to perform well on your landing page that is going to be reflected in your cost per acquisition whether it's cost per call cost per lead or short-term cost per sale that's super important to understand because if you send the wrong people to the page cheaply you're going to have a very high cost per acquisition so what i'm going to tell you straight up is a lot of people are going to disagree with us i don't care don't pay attention to your cost per click or cost per view it's irrelevant what you need to be paying to is cost per acquisition and more so cost or total revenue back in okay which is again why you should be using hiros because you can see facebook is missing calls all the time right here i would not have the right it's over reporting and some of them under reporting and it's not catching my call conversion so i can see calls that converted a week after to click and actually get my true roi this is what i judge my ads by and the reason for that is because if you were attracting the wrong people you're not going to get the actual results that matter okay and you can spend all day optimizing your cost per viewing cost per click this right here gets the right person to my page and then i'm able to look at the revenue numbers and actually judge it as a good ad by the cost per call and the revenue generated okay so again do those things now here's the most important thing with video ads there needs to be something to entice the person to watch them i this this is so straightforward we look at this ad right here design pickle it starts the video off the thumbnails i'm sitting around with garyvee and you really can't even recognize garyvee if we're scrolling through this ad right here like this we're not gonna recognize garyvee and frankly that's irrelevant because i'm not gonna buy something because they're sitting down with garyvee this doesn't tell me what the proc does for me doesn't tell me why i should be interested look at this ad right here the most important thing first off is i'm using all the tactics from the last video to draw the eye in on the purple stick people want to know what's on this stick they go what's on the stick that's that's exactly why i'm doing this create a question that gets a person to look at that present the benefit of watching the ad our tracking ai will scale your ads or you don't pay let's talk about this headline real quick ai is a buzzword that gets people interested they make something it's something new cutting edge that they're missing out on something we'll scale your ads you don't pay a person that run ads is gonna go wait buzzword guaranteed results explain lower ion buzzword slash interesting context subject guaranteed result that they're super interested in this lures people in like that okay so we go and look at a lot of these ads right here we can look at like i'm not i'm not here to pick on wiki reports we do enough of that at high rows but if we look at wicker reports right here you start the video you don't know what are we what are we watching right here why what what is the benefit to watching this video behind the scenes with clickfunnels and it's it's already it's a tiny text right here what's the benefit click funnels trust wiki reports what what is the benefit to a person running ads i don't even know this is a company that tracks ads we just see a guy sitting here talking so all right whatever uh we go down and actually look at some other ads right here let's go look at some i i believe i saw a good one right here okay so video starts off it's muted of course we don't where is the thing that hooks the viewer in tells them the benefit they're watching okay ppp performance framework not for beginners this doesn't tell me the benefit if you look at this ad right here our tracking ai hooks you in buzzword blue stick guaranteed result hooks them in like that now another thing you're not going to see on ads like for example we saw like the wiki reports ad they don't have they didn't have subtitles people you literally can't get people to click your ads so what makes you think they're actually going here and turn on the sound while they're on their phone like you see someone in an airport being like just skimming through facebook and being like oh yeah you know what i want to hear right now a bunch of noise no they don't do that that's why you need to use something like veed not the facebook caption manager because it doesn't always show up to just slap the subtitles and really big well-positioned clean text that people can read because people most of the time aren't going to turn on sound on your ad okay so that's the next thing now first five seconds if you run ads this ai tracking script will scale your ads at least 20 further and get you customers as much as 52 cheaper i guarantee it what's what's the benefit i'm offering what is this ad about what are people going to get and what is the big gain they're going to achieve if they click this ad it's all explained in the first if you're a person that runs ads and cares about making more money this video has your attention at this point at this point all i'm doing in this video ad is that first eight seconds focus on who is your target customer what are they most interested in and how can you make it extremely enticing to continue to watch the video the way i do it in this one i say this stuff is going to get you this result this result in a new cutting-edge way i guarantee it it's like whoa all right this is new and cutting edge and he guarantees that house is going to go down a lot of people start their ads with rambling or they're walking around their house get to the point and tell people what they're going to gain okay what they're going to see so for example when i was doing an info ad info ads in the past i said the next 45 seconds i'm going to show you how we made 45 000 selling this wolf mug okay for my youtube mastermind ads okay that i'll run i'm gonna say this ad right here this powerpoint presentation did two million dollars in sales i'm going to show you exactly the ad targeting that i used on youtube what's the person getting in the first five seconds there you go that hooks them they want to see the rest of it so at this point right here i just follow a really simple pattern that's really covered in our youtube uh ad script is also on this channel as well and i want to really express one thing to you guys this first five seconds and the things we just covered is 90 of the battle all right most people are not going to watch past the first 10 seconds now now that we're into the first 10 seconds customers as much as 52 cheaper i guarantee it no literally guarantee this is called hyrus and if it doesn't get you those results you don't pay for it and that's why so that there's a huge hook right here so the the thing i like to do is i like to present a huge hook and explain the benefit behind it okay especially on facebook where we only have about 60 seconds we don't need a five-minute ad on facebook you want a 60-second ad okay then what i do is i back it up i back up the big crazy challenge so i make a big challenge statement then i back it up big brands like clickfunnels.com tombylow's impact theory dot com ingrazios and tonyrom's mastermind dot com six seven eight and nine figure ecommerce brands like ladyboss.com those and ads leaders you get it so i back it up and this way the way in this video i back it up is i just show the brands that are using hyrus in my info ads i show the results of our customers and people talking about it and then mentioning the product all right all right show our results on there so i back it up with proof like dan henry and even one of the highest revenue click funnels funnels of all time alex marsey's gymlodge.com they all use this too and so do hundreds of other businesses and frankly if you're not using it too you're at a massive disadvantage because frankly you're paying way too much to get a customer then after i back it up i induce fear and fomo you can see i did exactly right there this thing does incredible things here's proof that it does here's proof here's the fact the the sad truth that you're missing out who all right this thing is amazing everybody else is using it you're not using it that gets people hooked in there okay and then when i do at the end of this at the end of every video it's very simple very simple close i don't have time to explain it all here i will break down everything in extreme detail and give you every aspect of how it works if you click this ad same thing with info ads look i just showed you that this concept right here is making people a ton of money here's a ton of money people that made a ton of money doing it look they're all making money and you're missing on this thing that is just sitting right here it's a huge opportunity i can't explain it all in a 60-second video of course so click this ad and i'll show you exactly how it works we'll give you a template on how to do it we'll give you the scripts we'll give the yada yada so we wrap it up with a call to action to get something laid out extremely easy whatever because when you use print tracking plus ai optimization you pay much less you can scale much further you get customers cheaper you can bid more competitively and if you click this ad i'll explain in extreme detail how it all works and we will even set this up for you and we will also guarantee the results i've talked about that's it that's how simple a facebook ad can be you can see how easy it is hook them back it up create fomo call to action people don't watch five minute facebook i've never watched a video on facebook have you have you i don't i mean if i'm watching videos i'm on youtube i don't i don't ever sit around and watch videos on facebook like ever because the way facebook is set up is so unoptimal for watching videos it's meant to keep you scrolling they don't want you watching videos the more you scroll the more ads you see so it's not set to get you watching a video youtube wants you to watch videos because the more videos you watch the more ads you see it wants you to skip from video to video to video facebook wants you to scroll okay it wants you to spend as little time as possible on there so the site isn't designed to get you to watch videos so what do you do keep the video short hit hard use those subtitles make sure to hook the person with a with an appropriate headline in the video itself this is your biggest headline space in the entire ad use it use it do not have an ad that just says nothing do not start your ads off in a vague way okay and for the love of holy monkey holy moliness make it abundantly clear who you're at is for what the benefit is and abundantly clear what they're going to get for watching the ad okay like almost every ad we've skimmed through you like what is this what does this ad actually do make your ads stand what are we getting right here hey let's keep going through these ads right here okay i love magics strong roi and free to try this is much better okay uh magix is one of the people we actually kind of partner with with our integrations so look they're literally going for this is a great ad this is a great ad actually you know um i was worried i was gonna have to poop on magics for a second here's another one right old way to plan marketing from a new this doesn't this doesn't if someone builds funnels what does the old way versus the new way have to do with them [Music] what is the benefit of what we're seeing right here how's this so this stuff right here guys is just really chronic when it comes to facebook if you don't do this the right way you're going to be looking at weird metrics like cost per view and cost per click and you're not going to be getting the most important thing which is the cost per acquisition for sale at the levels you want to be so this has worked abundantly well for me it's so simple it makes it easy to make ads very quickly high level produce and i think you should use it so that being said guys if you're interested in increasing use if you're not tracking your revenue and your inspiration accurately you're not spending your money that's simple that if you want to help scaling your hands my headmaster has more results literally guaranteed if you don't see and i'll see you in the next video you

================================================================================
TITLE: PROOF! : Saying This Increases YT AD ROI 432%
VIDEO ID: WCicDquPAR8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCicDquPAR8
================================================================================

the first 5 Seconds of a YouTube ad you mess this up you're toast you're not going to make any money but if you nail this you can mess up pretty much everything else and you're going to see your cpls your cost per acquisition your Roi just Skyrocket and I see this messed up more than anything else in YouTube ads when I'm helping people grow their businesses on YouTube and I also see this everywhere in the day and hyros so I'm going to show you exactly how to make sure you get your first 5 Seconds right hey this is Alex Becker I'm the CEO of hyros the fastest growing ad Tracking Company in the entire world right now the YouTube ad coach with the most results out of any YouTube ad coach in the entire world as well and doing both those things gives me an ability to show you exactly what is working in ads with nothing held back so what I'm going to do right now is actually just do that I'm going to show you to nail the first 5 Seconds of your YouTube ad this has been the absolute key to me generating tens of millions of dollars in return on my YouTube ads and I think it will help you a lot so let's get going okay guys let's get the cold turnning so we're looking at one of my best performing ads for hyros and I could use any of my businesses the ads I run for iron my YouTube Mastermind does very well you should book a call below uh but you can also see the same pattern in my old info marketing businesses and any ads I've ever ran ever for anything and people that don't get this who try to run YouTube ads they just fail because your YouTube ads won't work without this so let's just watch this magical 5 Seconds you're probably going to be very underwhelmed you want customers from ads much cheaper and the scale much further our software hyros will do that for you or you don't pay for it no Ser okay so what did I accomplish in those 5 Seconds you want customers from ads much cheaper and the scale much further our software hyros will do that for you or you don't pay for it easy what most people do on YouTube is they think the first 5 seconds is meant to grab attention I cannot tell you how many YouTube ads I see that you can't tell what the ad is for and what the hook is and who it's talking to in the first 5 Seconds and that's the key okay again watch this first 5 Seconds watch if you can see who I'm talking to what the benefit is and then why they should keep watching like what's the hook you want customers from ads much it so in the first 5 Seconds of the ad what I do right here is I do three very specific things I call out to the person I want to be talking to I offer the immediate benefit or I show a benefit that's going to Peak their curiosity and then I also make a hook these are the three things that must be achieved in the first 5 seconds because what most people are going to do is they're going to do this they're they're going to say something for 5 seconds that doesn't do this and this is terrible for YouTube ads CU what you want to do in your first 5 seconds is completely hook everyone you want to talk to and repulse everyone you don't want to talk to because you pay for the views on people you don't want to talk to so for example if you're running a ad for let's say an ad Tracking Company like hyros the last thing you want is people who don't run ads watching the video because you're going to pay for those that's the big oopsy Poopsy that people don't understand if a person is a farmer if a person is the 99.5% of the population that hasn't ever touched an ad account or doesn't buy customers from I don't want them watching the video so do you think that type of person do you think anyone other than an ad Runner would watch this you want customers from ads first two seconds person goes no not really clicks away all right so that's the first thing right there you you need to remember this this is the most important lesson scare away everyone that is not your Target customer immediately and call out to your Target customer immediately now the next is not just hey do you run YouTube ads and do you like like socks no there must be a clear clear benefit for them to watch okay and so what's the benefit in this ad right here customers cheaper pay less make more money okay call to the C the Target customer present a benefit in the first 5 Seconds what's the benefit here pretty easy I just laid it out but let's go over it real quick you want customers from ads much cheaper in the scale much further customers from ads cheaper scale much further now the most important thing about this 5 Seconds too is you understand the benefits that are most important to your customer what a lot of people do when they're using this this technique is they use weak benefits not all benefits are created equal I know from watching my customers at high RIS watching how they interact with ads I know that saving money on ads and scaling further or paying cheaper for sales and scaling further are their top the Gena of what they're looking for I could talk about hey are you having trouble tracking your ads won't work won't work that benefit won't work I say hey are you having trouble tracking the long-term value of your customers nope won't work I will see my ad costs and my cost per acquisition Spike if I use those benefits if I don't call out to the first person and repulse the other people if I don't call out to my Target customer repulse non-target customers my ad costs will Spike I can see it in my ads like a lot of people like how do you get cheap clicks and cheap conversion on YouTube I can literally change out this first sentence and I can watch everything change in my Roi it's not some secret betting technique then there must be a powerful hook now the hook can be two things it can be a challenge it can be a promise of explaining something that's mysterious or it can be a story I don't like the story one but it it has worked for me a few times let me let me explain this so a challenge what's what's the challenge in this ad and this works really good B2B the scale much further our software hyros will do that for you or you don't pay for it so what's the challenge in this ad our software will do this or you don't pay for it oh really so me an ad Runner that's been called out to can save money and scale the two things I'm most interested in and I don't have to pay for it if I don't do that okay you got my attention so the next one using mystery what I used to do in an ad that worked really well is I'm going to show you how I turn this molf mug into $60,000 a year in income okay that's people are like what I'm like yeah I'm I'm going to show you how I use this ugly wolf mug so I start this ad off with a wolf mug this is a this is a mug okay uh but I'm going to say look I'm going to show you how we make tens of thousands of dollars a year from this wolf mug okay and you need to understand that in that 5 Seconds I've called out to everybody that wants to make more money so I've already called out the benefit and to the target audience by saying that you have to understand that when you are writing ad copy or communicating with humans this is essential for copywriting there is many ways to say the same thing with different words this is one of the biggest problems people have when it comes to copywriting okay just like when you're communicating with a human how you say things can be just as powerful as the words that you actually say for example if if you look at uh liberals and Republicans if a republican asks a liberal oh so you voted for Biden he's technically saying you're a crazy liberal who supports communism liberals on the other side if they ask a republican oh so you voted for Trump they're really saying oh so you're a crazy bigot fascist crazy person you see it all the time in the news that's just a very upfront examples you see every day of people saying one thing completely different than what they're actually saying and so what you must understand with ads is that what I just said right here in the pattern I just laid out can be conveyed without following this template you can say one thing and still achieve the same exact effect and say the same thing anyways that's the next one right there use a mystery okay there must be a mystery to calls out to the target audience the final one is a story so one of my other most successful ma ads was I would start the ad with saying this is match Smith I'm going to show you how he made how he went from zero to 30k a month to uh 200k a month in in I think I said like 3 months selling cat socks okay so again this story right here covers all the basis of the call to the target audience people that want to make money the benefit how to make money fast 30 to 200k okay that's what it's saying right there and in the story The Hook is hey I'm going to I'm going to complete the story about how you made 200k on cat socks these are the three things that must be achieved and again you don't need to say it in a cookie cutter template you need to achieve these three things for example if I was calling out the people that had stomach problems maybe acid reflex I'd start the video of this weird fruit just totally stopped me from having acid reflux in my sleep they there's there's a call out to the person who has acid reflux there's a mystery and there's a benefit okay there's a story they want to know that and so this is how you make the first 5 Seconds of your YouTube ad Pop I really challenge you today as you watch videos watch how many videos do not accomplish this in the first five seconds just watch it there's there's one that runs on this channel all the time where some guy goes you know I'm going to break all the rules of traditional advertising and do this thing for it he does that he doesn't explain what he's doing in the first five seconds that might do okay I don't think it does or probably doesn't do better than my ads that being said this is super duper important so that being said guys that's the content for the today just two bonus tips for you if you're running YouTube ads at all and you're not using hyos tracking you're going you're shooting yourself in the foot look look at the tracking from Google right here caught uh two calls two calls and three calls when there was actually six calls right here I caught one call right here there's actually five and as I go through my account you're going to see tracking from major ad platforms completely failing right now if you're not tracking your ads you are literally making wrong decisions all right this one right here only caught 50% of my conversions if I'm not operating off 100% of my actual data about 50% of my ad scaling decisions are going to be wrong about 50% of my ad scaling decisions are going to be wrong that's going to lead to me wasting money in my account and killing ads that are actually scaling and doing well for example I might have turned this ad off if I didn't see all these conversions on top of that if you want help scaling your YouTube ads or growing your business on YouTube it's the absolute best platform right now check out the link to book a call for me below and get a custom strategy I've helped more people scale to six to seven figures even eight figures on YouTube than any other person on the internet so you should check it out that also being said subscribe to this channel cuz I release new content just like this every Monday Wednesday and Friday with nothing held back because I want your ads to grow so you eventually come and pick up hyros cuz running ads without tracking is what a crazy person does I will see you in the next video which will be this Wednesday it's likely going to be super cool just like this video oh [Music] [Applause]

================================================================================
TITLE: NEW!!! #1 FACEBOOK AD METRIC [JUST BLEW UP MY GAINS]
VIDEO ID: U2-gK4xvTKQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2-gK4xvTKQ
================================================================================

you're about to see the one metric to rule them all in fact if you just alter this metric in your facebook ad account and ignore everything else you are going to see plummeting ad costs and much much higher rois on your ads no hyperbole this works nearly every single time i do it any person i show it to it works for them as well and this right here is perfect for you if you look at your ad accounts and you see all the stats like cpc and cpm and bpm and rpg as well as dps you got to have high dps in your your facebook accounts okay that way you can get sweet loot by killing the raid bosses the nerds got that joke anyways you probably look at all the stats in your ad managers and you're like whoa cpc went up or a cpm went up and i don't know what's going on and everything skyrocketed or went this way this this is the fix to all of that and will allow you to get your cpc cpm everything at dirt cheap levels and it will just be easy for you to do so instead of talking this up anymore let me just show you and by the way hit the like button hit the notification bell and subscribe i release these videos every monday wednesday and friday and on this ad channel unlike other ad channels i don't teach you one fourth of what i do and then sell you a course i have no course to sell you i want you to grow your business and make more money so that you buy hiros my ad tracking company do make you more money and the best way for me to get you to buy hiros so you can make more money with hiros is simply just give you everything i know because then you'll buy highers and even upgrade your account because you're making so much more money from the attackers i give you like this one right here okay guys let's just get going and i guarantee again if you apply what i'm going to show you in this video you're going to see such better metrics and get all the things you're looking to achieve cheaper clicks cheaper cpms dramatically reduce your ad costs this works nearly every single time and that's not me being hyperbolic when i help people in my mastermind do this and they stop thinking like i'm about to show you it nearly always works so let me show you what i'm talking about right here what i'm looking at right here is usually the number one sign that a media buyer is about to get really really lost don't get me wrong this is actually a spreadsheet that i'm pretty sure this media buyer captured from one of my friends sam evans now sam evans and his team are like literal data scientists so this stuff can actually work for them i never use it but i i know it's helped him the thing is what most people do when they're buying facebook ads is for example sam's business which uses this is like a 20 million dollar per year business people that are making a hundred thousand two hundred thousand less than a million dollars a year even less than five million dollars per year they'll go in and they'll start adopting this type of data scientist strategy and what happens is they end up trying to control all these little metrics right here and i want to tell you something about these metrics you can't control any of them directly your cpc is controlled by facebook your your ad spend your impressions your cpm these are all these are all indicators of something else that is you can't actually control for example if you want to control the speed you're going on your car you don't look at the mile per hour you don't look at the rpms you don't look at the battery you just look at your gas pedal and you press down and the thing you need to focus on if you want to make the car go faster is not the readings aka the mile per hour the rpms etc you want to actually focus on how hard you're pressing down on the gas pedal i know that doesn't make much sense so let me explain this if you look at my ads i've clearly identified the gas pedal and that is going to be my cpl my cost per call and my roi if you go and look at my ad accounts the only columns i really ever have showing are these things i will occasionally look at these stats that i'm mentioning right here when something has gone terribly wrong but these stats still don't help i usually use this to look for glitches or something that's broken okay for example if my cpc skyrockets or something like that i i haven't literally looked at these things though in years so again i don't even want to use that example but why alex why do you only look at these things shouldn't you be looking at all these things and trying to micro bid and optimize here's what you need to understand let's just look at a simple metric like cpl now you have to break down what actually leads to your key metrics and then what actually controls things like cpa cpc and cpm there's all sorts of other crazy stats that people look at i'm just going to focus on those two because they're just the easiest to explain okay and if you're new cpc is cost per click cpm is the cost for how many 1 000 impressions you're getting so if facebook shows your ad to a thousand people and you pay 21 dollars for that that's your cpm but you have to understand cpl is a reflection of metrics that are then also reflections of your cpc and cpm so cpl is the top level metric and by focusing on that the thing that controls your cpl is actually going to be your ad click-through rate your ad engagement and going to be your opt-in rate at that point all right there's many other ones out there but for example your ad click-through rate is going to be controlled and your ad engagement is going to be controlled by two things actually one thing how engaging your damn ad is okay and these two things are first off how many people watch your ad and how many people click your ad you're probably thinking no duh obviously alex but what you need to understand right here is that if you want to get a low cpl what we're going to focus on instead is not going and altering the ad click-through rate and the engagement we're going to focus on lowering the cpl by focusing on the thing that controls all this the ad itself okay we don't ever i don't ever look at these metrics right here what i'm gonna look at is i'm gonna go upload an ad and i'm gonna look at which one gets the lowest cpl uh across the same opt-in page now follow along with me right here if the cpl is lower automatically that means the ad click-through rate and ad engagement are better every single time because i know that in the sub of this an ad that has a high ad click-through rate and a high ad engagement also has a lower cpc and thus because of the engagement has a lower cpm but again i'm not looking at these right here i'm going to only look at the cpl because again the cpl is a symptom of these things and these things are a symptom of these things and so what you can do is you can cut out all of these charts right here you can cut out all this excessive data that's going to confuse you and lead you to an action you can just focus on one metric the cpl because as you focus on the cpl let's imagine we haven't optimized the opt-in page or our sales page uh or the shopify e-com landing page the landing on or the call funnel okay let's imagine we haven't optimized that yet your cpl is naturally going to tell you the ad that has the best ad click-through rate and the best engagement and thus the best cpc and cpm and by focusing only on cpl you're moving all these things in the direction you want to anyways so instead of that i'm going to upload five ads and i'm just going to look purely at the cpl don't move the cpl i can guarantee you 99 is going to have the best metrics that's it and so then what i'm going to do to reduce cpl is focus on the overall thing which is the ad itself and the ad itself is actually controlled by how many people watch it and how it speaks to them and so i'm going to focus on the ad message not the metrics at all i'm going to focus on what message i see so if i have five ads and they all five say something a little bit different i'm gonna look at the one that gets the best cpl thus gets the best of these things i'm not gonna repeat them anymore and then what i'm gonna say is oh that message is what people respond to and then i'm gonna make five more ads around that message and then see which one of those ones people respond to the most and say oh okay this message out of the five out of this message gets the most powerful response and that's how i'm gonna go out there so instead of actually even focusing on the cpl i focus on the add message and this is how you drive all these to the floor then what i'm going to do is i'm going to go and apply this add message to the opt-in and then try five or six different opt-ins that have a different version of this message right here and so then i'm gonna get the opt-in right so let's imagine right here we started off with a cpl of let's say 15 okay and this 15 cpl is actually your ad click-through rate engagement all these things right here contributing to this so what i'm going to do first is i'm going to focus on the add messages and get this cpl down to let's say nine dollars by focusing only on the ad message not the opt-in page yet if the opt-in page let's imagine it has a 10 opt-in rate right here all right a 10 conversion rate 10 something okay whatever we're trying to do get calls or whatnot so i'm going to use purely my ad messaging and using the cpl to tell me which ad is the best message ignoring these other stats so once i get this down to nine dollars or i'm gonna say all right that looks really good now what i'm going to do is i'm going to try and get this opt-in up to 30 or 40 percent or increase my conversion rates on the page by uh three to four x which is very very very doable on your first version of anything your first version is usually going to have so much room to be optimized to again just look at the cpl and i'm going to try and get this cpl down to three dollars by purely focusing on the opt-in and that right there is going to in turn make my business significantly more profitable if i take my cpl from fifteen dollars or my cost per any acquisition i'm looking for from fifteen dollars to three dollars my business just 5xed in profitability ish all right and i'm off if i'm off a little bit there just because i don't do math in these videos that's not my strong suit getting ad messages is this right here is by far the best way to improve your ads versus this excessive over analyzation this is something that your mind can understand right here i can easily focus on cpl and i can easily focus on the message of the ad i can control that and think about it super clearly i cannot look at this chart and make clear simple decisions and this is what most media buyers do they they come to this and they try to they try to do it like the stock market okay we look at all these metrics and whatnot uh all the billion things that are going on try to make a call but the thing is the stock market is not under your control the cryptocurrency market is not under your control so you need to sometimes do all this over analyzation okay in theory i guess your ads are literally under your control so you don't need to do this you can literally just go in and focus on one key metric now the last thing i want to focus on is i always like to look at the upfront metrics so that's going to be your cost per call cost per uh lead cost per call is cpc that i'm referring to right here or cop cpa so cost per sale or something if you're doing ecom okay but these aren't always the best thing to look at especially cost per call and cost per lead because the main thing is actually roi we want to get these things as low as possible to tell us to to basically control the add metrics so these things right here are going to control all these metrics that we're looking at right here okay they're going to be symptoms of all these metrics at least the roi at the end of the day though is the number one most important thing and i want to show you this by looking at the stats right here from just hiros and google ads okay you can see right here the cost per call on these right here is actually really good this one is great 49 cost per call i can come in verify look at the stats and hire see exactly who's booking calls and who's coming in so the cost of a call is looking amazing on both of these actually 200 cost per call is amazing but you can see if i optimize for cost per call this is a weird instance right here where the cost recall also lines up with the profit but you can see that these calls right here didn't generate me a profit these ones did this is actually tracking that's impossible to do in google ads because these are being closed over the phone and i'm tracking this with hiros again i hate to show highrose in these videos actually i don't it will just improve your business immensely and the point of these videos is to help your business so much that you're eventually going to be like hmm i'd like to improve it more with hiros we literally guarantee you'll get these results and be able to grow your ads you don't pay for it so i have no problem showing it to you because frankly it just works but tying into this lesson right here if you are optimizing just around cpl or cpc and not around profits what happens all the time is people look at everything except their profits and then what they do is they go and scale up ads they're actually unprofitable in roi terms but they look amazing in cpl and cpc this is chronic so don't do that as well this is a lesson for today guys to wrap it all up what you want to do is you want to understand that your cpl or your main metrics are symptoms of all these other metrics but if you focus on the symptom it's not like the doctor's office right here which is usually going to then be controlled by your ad messaging and then your landing page we want to focus on the messaging first because the landing page can artificially drive this up and down focus on the messaging first because that will then control this and this will just control every other stat okay or will we be a reflection of every other stat and if we just keep our minds simple focus on the ad message to lower cpl this will lower everything else and then once we've lowered cpl enough without focusing on the landing page or funnel then we focus on the landing page and funnel to lower it even more to get our ads to massive profitability this is the best way to do this and my iron mastermind whenever students stop doing this okay and again i'm not hating on this for example my friend sam evans i massive respect for him he's a genius i have not seen this work for many of people it might work for people in his mastermind or whatnot i usually see people get way better results in my mastermind by doing this okay so it depends on who you are and maybe what you want to look at but nine out of 10 times simplifying everything to a point where your mind can easily get it is going to deliver better results for you speaking of which check out the links in the description right here you could book a call with me you can literally see the results i've gotten six seven and eight figure results by moving their business to youtube and improving their facebook ads you can go check that out book a call with me i'll tell you exactly how to do it for your business as well you could even join the mastermind if you're a good fit that being said in these videos this is the lesson for today i share everything i know in these videos because frankly i want you to grow your business to the point where you need highrose so i don't hold anything back i don't have anything subtle to sell you here and that's why you should subscribe because i release videos like this every monday wednesday and friday and you'll see them when they go live and it'll be super cool because again this is the only channel where i'm just gonna tell you everything i do instead of telling you like three fourths of what i do or one-fifth of what i do and then selling you a course i don't have a course to sell you i just want your business to grow so you buy hyrus so subscribe and i'll see in the next video [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: This Facebook AD Hack Made Him 100 Million...
VIDEO ID: Khhi6q0pSII
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Khhi6q0pSII
================================================================================

this is not hyperbole i'm going to show you the most powerful tactic in all of paid advertising if you do this it will be very very hard not to make hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars every single business that makes a lot of money via paid advertising they do this all the businesses that struggle and are so we sitting around being like why don't we make more money from our they don't do this and it's such a simple concept it's like investing in bitcoin at 500 i'm not kidding you can just literally look at the data and say if you put 500 here you're going to make 5 000 back over a year you just look at it like clockwork over and over again it's the best investment of all time and it's called making a proper back-end to connect with your ads now i know what you're thinking okay beckons are boring it's not hot no trust me if you understand how to connect this back into your ads is going to change your business and how you run ads forever all the businesses i've taught this to in person they explode they get hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars worth of results by the way if you want to be one of those businesses just book a call with me below i'll actually break down exactly how you should structure this particularly for your unique business because you're a unique special snowflake you need something just for you sarcasm aside you really too but what you also need is to understand this concept i'm about to show you so let's just hop into the training i have to stress this i have to teach this because i almost see nobody ever do this and i'm not talking about beginners not doing this i have a master ad group where there's people easily doing 20 50 100 000 a month when they come in they're not doing this and when i tell them to do this they resist it for the longest time and then they do it and their business completely changes now i'm not trying to get you in the master ad group or anything like that i'm just like this is this is chronic across people that even know what they're doing see this lesson needs to fundamentally change how you look at ads because what most people look at ads like is like this they see you run an ad and then you make money on the other set of ads let's say you spend ten dollars here you make twenty dollars out this is really hard to do contrary to popular belief of people that aren't experienced with ads if you've ran ads you know how hard this is to do i will tell you straight up man running a webinar funnel where i had a high ticket product and then making a three to four x roi on the rebills so for example i'd be spending 25 000 a day to do about 20k a day back okay and you're like oh that's less than 25 very good but more importantly what would then happen after three to four months after refunds and everything came in this would usually be about worth 50k so i had to wait for the money to come in okay and so it could be from 50 to 70k it just depends on how many rebuilds and whatnot but let's just use the low end number right here that was super hard to do even that was tough and then going and running how ads how most people do they run an ad and they try and sell like a 47 product maybe something that rebuilds it is tough they have a 297 dollar product a book funnel they're selling like an e-commerce product that's a three not the three commerce okay excuse me it's a bit early in the morning this is tough i think i've said that enough times already and if you've ever ran ads you know how tough it is and most of the time when people are trying to scale their ads whether on youtube or facebook they get to this point where they get to maybe max a thousand maybe 5 000 a day which is already pretty damn skilled up but their ad margins just go down they go from making a 2x roi at 200 to 300 a day to just breaking even losing money and they're like what do i do ads are impossible it must be because i'm missing some secret sauce that you know tai lopez and russell brunson have been putting in their cereal that's not what's happening here this is this is how ads are meant to run because you have to understand when people are running ads really talented ad runners are running ads like this they run an ad and they are completely okay losing money on the front end this is the biggest lesson of all advertising the people that you're running ads against when you get past 3 000 per day they're doing this they're doing this a hundred percent of the time because you literally can't scale ads to a high margin to a high daily ad spend and really expect to make money on the front end of your ads and your front end is essentially what is sold immediately after that it's what the person sees the first time they interact with you it just doesn't work now of course there are such exceptions to this rule but if you're in an industry where you have multiple competitors and there's multiple people buying ads targeting the same customers as you are you're selling something similar other people you're not you're not going to do that you're just not again there are exceptions but it's very very rare and it's better to play by the rules and crush it within the rules than trying to be the exception to the rule because you just have to get lucky if you're going to be an exception to the rule this is exactly what russell brunson did to grow clickfunnels if you know they do pretty well it's like a 500 million dollar company or something like that and the concept they use to get around this is when you're running ads you're going to compete against people that are okay losing money on their ads or breaking even so how do you run a business like that it's very easy you run ads with the goal of breaking even or not losing that much and then you track your customers over time and that's what's going to tell you how much they're worth to you over a period of time so for example when i was running my first business source wave how i made money is i could never make my ads work at all you know you think oh alex is some ad group i couldn't i couldn't make them profitable ever so i thought to myself why don't i just collect opt-ins and so what i did instead is i kept getting people to opt into my business give me their email address for about four dollars and then what i did is i tracked over time how much these people made me this is a great drawing yes i know we can frame this later but i tracked how much they made me over six months and over six months if my memory recalls i might use a different number in other videos forgive me it's been a long time but they made me around 25 okay so about a 5 to 6x roi okay this worked like crazy this got me to over four million dollars a year at hiros because all we did was simply buy emails and send them down an email funnel where they get sold stuff and be built they they gradually get to know the brand and get sold more stuff so this is great i'd put four dollars in and make 25 over here and people are investing in ethereum right now like crazy because they think it's gonna 5x they don't even know i had mathematical proof that if i put four dollars in it would turn into twenty five dollars and so i just put as much four dollars in as i could this is the most powerful concept of all of advertising let me take you to the next level all right this is what russell brunson did at clickfunnels when i did it market hero to get over 20 000 subscriptions basically for free almost now free is is is used in quotations right here so what russell did for example is he made a 997 dollar course and then got people to sign up for a free trial of click funnels at 99 per month so what happened well this ad right here broke even i've heard russell talk about many times i think they lost money on it most of the time that doesn't matter because if they spent two thousand dollars on ads and got hundreds of people in two people bought this and it paid for the two thousand dollars an ad so just basically pawned itself out it completely covered the cost but then let's say let's work this down to normal numbers let's say they spent ten thousand dollars on ads to get one thousand people into the business okay and then ten people out of the thousand one percent bought this 997 dollar course well that 10k made just covered up this 10k right here but then they have a thousand people that are qualified customers interested in selling info products and whoa what do they have to sell them click funnels for 99 free trial so if they can go in there and get 10 of people in here okay ten percent of people that's a hundred people that just sign up for click funnels let's just use rough numbers right here and at 99 per month that's ten thousand dollars per month now what's happening right here for the ten thousand dollars i spent they got a thousand people in for free and now they're going to make a hundred thousand dollars off this back end right okay 10 000 spent 110k actually made when you look at the numbers long term okay so for example what i would do at highrose the longest time is i actually would run an ad campaign where i'd make a little bit of profit okay that one i was talking about was really scaled up so we'd actually 2x over three to four months and so i was fine with it but while doing that my initial product my front end covered the cost of the ads well i got tons of people signing up for a free trial on market hero and that's just literally what i do all day long it's the most powerful easy way to make money with ads ever because making a front end that gives you a 2 3x roi and a very profitable business it's extremely hard most you can't do it i've tried many times okay the only business i've ever been able to do that on is hirose which has an extremely high ticket funnel which i've already talked about on this channel and why that's why call funnels are far superior check the check the description there's a free training on that below it's not it's not a pitch training it's just on youtube you can watch it and that works really well but you have to understand my ads behind hiros and they're extremely profitable most profitable ads ever ran very simple ad runs person gets on phone call we usually make a two to three x but that isn't even where the money's made the money is made on the rebills when the person signs up so a person comes on they sign up for hiros they pay x amount and then they're paying i don't know let's say it's really high in the count two thousand dollars per month per year that's 24k with money paid up front so that's that's that's the concept you need to understand about ads whenever you're looking at ads in the future if you want to be a person who makes a lot of money from ads what you need to focus on is not this equation run ad make 2x roi you need to focus on running ads that break even because you it's so hard to be spending 5k a day and be making a profit on top of it can you do it yes is it extremely hard yes and as soon as it starts to get extremely hard man if it's hard at 5k a day getting the 7k to 15k day and really tripling or quadrupling your business it's not going to happen but if you can knock out this ad spend and then make a 5x roi on your back end which is extremely easy to do you're going to be on fire and you can out bid you can out spend you can now advertise literally everybody because very few people do this and the people that do there aren't that many of them okay so once you get into this range where you start thinking like this you go from competing with hundreds of people to like five people in theory v sub v so that's the lesson for the day that's the thing i want to share with you and adds if you can just understand this concept you're going to crush it the other most important thing you should be able to do is track this i mean check this out right here if i just go and look at the amount i make for every single person that books a call at hiros you can see in the first month it's really not that profitable after nine months it's insanely profitable i'm usually paying like eighty two hundred dollars per phone call right now it's just it's just printing money at that point because i know the back end numbers that are going to be coming in if i go look at another call okay i'm paying about 150 for these phone calls right here makes 900 over about nine months if you know these numbers right here it just becomes insanely easy to run out i can pay 200 300 per call my ad cost can triple and i'm still just fine because i know these numbers right here by the way this is being done in high ros on top of actually tracking your ads accurately and fixing the ios crash update issues i mean it also does this too so again if you're scaling you should be working around accurate numbers because if you're not you're growing your ad account based on mystery and intrigue which is not usually the most profitable thing to do that's the lesson guys on top of that if you want help growing your ads grow putting them on on top of that if you want help growing your ads getting on the youtube and scaling up your ads on youtube you should book a custom strategy call below we can hop on i can actually give a unique strategy because this is kind of a one-size-fits-all thing that we just did and you wouldn't want a one-size-fits-all pair of pants so you probably don't want that for your business which is a little bit more important than your pants depending on who you are if you're a person that's really into your pants maybe like 50 is important that being said i will see in the next video in the next videos this week we're going to be talking about scaling up our facebook ads the right way and also how to sell high ticket products more effectively you should subscribe so you see those videos again anything i've mentioned is below in the description i'll see in the next video [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: The Easy Way To Make $100k With Youtube Ads (Full Strategy)
VIDEO ID: GZ7KZi2nJ8M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZ7KZi2nJ8M
================================================================================

you ever thought to yourself i wish there was a guaranteed way that my ads would make money i wish there was an ad strategy where i could just plug it in and it would print money like the government or oprah or taylor swift she is great at printing money her ad her median buying skills out of control well i'm going to share that with you today this is alex becker i'm ceo of hiros coming to you in some sweet high risk merch because this is really the only form of clothing that i actually own and the strategy i'm going to show you with youtube ads today it's not gonna make you 10 million dollars it could actually make you a million dollars it is it just works it's so stupidly easy to pull off and the ad source that you're going to be targeting pretty much guarantees and roi why because we're going to be targeting people that have already watched our videos we can use youtube videos to be a custom audience machine for facebook and youtube and if you understand how to then target these these customs if you understand how to target these custom audiences it's virtually a guaranteed roi the people i've taught this method to and when i've used this on uh this channel i'm totally not doing it on this channel link am i winking right i can't wink really quickly but i'm totally not doing it on this channel but if you use this on your youtube channels it is so easy to get a 1015xr why did it it's almost you should just do this by default so let me show you how it works and really quickly as you're watching this video you're thinking hey you know i would actually like to hop on a call with this guy and have him tell me exactly how to run my ads and my strategies you should book a call below because we can do that it's neat let's get going all right guys the first thing you understand is why most cold ads don't work and cold ads are simply when you're running to an ad or you're running an ad to someone who's never seen you before obviously there's a lot of disadvantage the person doesn't trust you they don't know you if they've never seen you before and a lot of times they aren't even your target demographic because your targeting is kind of a little bit more broad than it needs to be specifically on youtube this leads to a trifecta of hard now i'm not saying cold ads can't work on youtube i've scaled campaigns to over 10 million dollars a year on youtube 90 actually like 95 percent cold traffic it's just hard so look if you're a person that just wants extra money from your business or you just want an easy way to get started with ads this is just perfect for you so here's exactly what you do you make videos on youtube about the topic that you're selling about for example i'll just be straight with you i'm doing this a hundred percent on this channel and it works like crazy it is free money what you do is you make videos about whatever your topic is so if like you're a makeup artist or something you make videos doing makeup then what we do is we can easily go in to the youtube ad manager and then target people that watch our channel it's that easy it's that simple more importantly in your videos you can then also go and leave links in the videos when people click these links you can use this to make a facebook custom audience so what are these people well they're the definition of easy to market to because unlike cold traffic once they watch your video they go to warm in the best way possible one they've already consumed content to from you two they're your target market three they're actively watching and consuming these types of videos on youtube okay you put this all together you have a badly drawn easy metaphor so how exactly do you do this it's quite quite simple my young padawan and one thing i also want to point out right here is i can also make similar audiences to people watching these videos so for example here's a similar audience right here we created from this this is just people very similar that watch my channel you can see uh 10 000 in 26 000 profit out that's cool that's an extra i know with the rate we're running at right here that's an extra couple hundred thousand a year for just really making youtube videos on your channel so how exactly do we do this quite easy you're gonna come up here to tools and settings in your admin you're gonna go to audience manager and what you're going to do is you're going to hit add youtube users okay you're going to need to connect your youtube channel to adwords first i'm just going to name this one doozy mcsnoozy drinks too much boozy okay and boozy all right we're not gonna spell right in this video so we're gonna do is viewed any video from a channel or just viewed the channel okay so we can do viewed certain videos for example uh as well so for example if i made a video talking about let's say i was teaching bowling techniques and in one video i was talking about bowling gloves in specific then i could make an audience of people that are literally just watching the bowling gloves video and then sell them bowling gloves okay so i'm just do anybody that viewed my channel but the concept is the same way what i suggest you do at this point is you would probably want to use the last 30 days and i would make multiple audiences i'd make people that have watched in the last seven days 30 days 90 days and if you want to be tedious as hell 540 days and so this is going to give us a total audience of everyone's viewed the channel everyone that's recently viewed the channel and everyone who's mid-term viewed the channel obviously the people that just watched the videos your magic secret goose if you want the roi is going to be in the seven days area right here that's almost it and then what you want to do is you want to run ads to whatever you're selling in the first place the reason why i wanted to show you this very quickly guys is because i see so many influencers and people that don't have you know not mr beast okay your videos aren't making you aren't getting 40 million views of video however you are getting decent views on your videos 500 to 5 000 views a video plus if you're not doing this you're literally refusing free money because it costs you literally nothing to advertise to these people and the roi is so high it's very hard not to make money from your current subscribers or viewers to put this even in more perspective you can go and get people that have subscribed to your videos if you want an even higher roi or you can even do people that have liked videos these are people that not only watch your videos but liked it again you need to learn how to do cold traffic and scale your ads and if you want to do that there's literally an entire free youtube course on this channel that shows you how i skilled an ad campaign to 25 000 per day you can also book a call with me below and i'll break down everything you need to be doing on youtube ads and facebook ads that being said you need to learn how to do cold traffic because if you want to get really in the big bucks and scale a business this is this is a lot slower than i think it could it needs to be mastering cold traffic is the way to go that being said if you're just starting off in ads using this to go and generate your custom audiences on youtube and then using people that click on the links to your videos to create custom audiences on facebook they just land on the page you create a look-alike audience and a visit audience on facebook it's just such an easy way to run ads you can also go i'll show you to create a similar audience once you create this audience right here what you're going to see is you're going to see youtube automatically create these similar audiences okay so these are old ones right here so they're empty but you're going to see something very very very similar to this pop up in there as soon as you create these audiences and then that will start to grow as well you're probably going to need a couple thousand people for it to go and create this similar lines but you saw the results i got before with it and this is by far the easiest way to run ads on youtube that are profitable that's it concluding the video guys if you want to actually hop on a call with me where i break down a strategy for you and how you should actually be running your business specifically on youtube because your unique snowflake go below and book a call on top of that you need to notice one thing right here i am literally not using adwords stats when i'm going and optimizing my ads i go off hiro stats this is accurate data especially after the last ios crash that just happened it's knocking out facebook and youtube's data i go and see the things that facebook and youtube can't report on and then we plug this back into their systems to make it better but more importantly you can see i'm actually optimizing around profit and then the actual calls that came in for example youtube just caught 25 calls right here it can't even catch the profit since these calls are closed over the phone iros can if you're not optimizing around accurate data and your actual profit you're optimizing around some really weird stats if you're not optimizing for profit like literally most people are what are you doing so this has been becker check out all the free courses at the bottom of this video as well in the description area there's a youtube course a facebook course and all sorts of other videos related to what i've taught in this video it's all for free and be sure to subscribe because we're uploading videos every monday wednesday and friday until then don't take it easy stay out of jail don't do anything bad [Music] [Applause] you

================================================================================
TITLE: EMERGENCY!!! APPLE just NUUKED FB ADS [take this action now!!!!]
VIDEO ID: oVPC1Z1f63o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVPC1Z1f63o
================================================================================

guys i'm straight of the shower because for the first time ever the thumbnail actually matches the severity of this video the ios update went live and it hit facebook tracking way harder than i thought it would i frankly didn't think would have that much of an impact and it did if you're wondering why i'm smiling it's because it didn't hit higher at all we were already better at tracking before and with our facebook api integration we actually work with facebook to make your tracking really really good so it's it's really excellent for me but we already had preparations in place if we did get hit so it wasn't like something i was concerned about but i'm also haven't been really concerned about it because the way we track is very ethical we track people from the websites that the businesses put us on we're not tracking people moving all around the internet and watching what they're doing we're just simply recording people hitting the websites of the businesses that have us on there so it's not invasive it's not digging into where people are going it's just where they are i'm not here to talk about that i want to give you the updates on this i was resisting making this video for a long time because i wanted to wait and see what happened instead of just going on like everybody else and talking about what they think is going to happen no one works at apple so they can't tell you now that things have gone live i'd like to share things with you on top of that i'm not going to pitch hiros in this video if you're interested in fixing your tracking there's a link to it on literally every other video on this channel and more so i want to show you how to fix this or at least understand how to fix it it's actually pretty simple if you understand the premise of everything that's happening just do me a favor and just watch the video i'm going to keep it super short and you don't need to be tempted to click away from the video there's not going to be any like fast action pitch or something like that so let's get to it okay guys so first thing first and foremost i am a tracking expert i've worked in tracking for my own ads and deeply deeply deeply inside of tracking at hiros for years so i want to stress in this video one thing i don't also work at apple okay and so while i know how tracking works i don't work at apple so i can't tell you everything technology wise is an update i can just tell you what i'm seeing and i can tell you what i believe that we're seeing so first off what you need to understand just happen and i believe the first and foremost thing that apple focused on is blocking facebook's apps and what you need to understand is two things about how facebook tracks and then also how their apps track and one thing i want to point out this video is not the hate on facebook they're tracking for what it's been the past few years is incredible because it's a one size fits all slap on solution that doesn't require any customer support that's pretty cool and i want to also stress that what we do at high risk is work with facebook we're not here to bash facebook or like say facebook is dead use us instead frankly what i'm going to show you at this end of this video is how we actually work with facebook to make facebook ads better than ever that being said what apple really went after first is the app and you need to understand when you're on the app scrolling around on your phone what's happening is you're being tracked the entire time because you're in facebook's let's just use for lack of better words i'm going to dumb this all down you're in their network all right so everything you're doing on there you're being tracked all your actions are being tracked as you use the app that's not good okay because it can see that you're on the app it could see who you are can see everything you're looking at and then when you click out of the app what also happens is you're still viewing websites inside the app so it can see everywhere you're going and everywhere you're moving around to i'm not going to talk about whether this is good or bad i think i don't think anyone's a fan of this but more importantly this is what apple went in and targeted okay and so you have to understand that like let's say this is the website and everything that's going on the website server level and then the website is contained in the app all right so this is the container of the app and so the app is watching everything you're doing from here but what it did is it just blinded the app the website can still see what you're doing this is why for example server side tracking which is what hirose is or if maybe you've set up your own custom solution in the past that's why this is working just fine because the the ios system isn't blocking websites from loading up okay isn't blocking websites from loading up and even when you're looking at the website you're in the facebook browser okay so that also being said what you also have to understand about facebook tracking is that it's semi blind all right you have to look at where the tracking is applied at so when you click an ad what's going to happen is there's going to be an fb click id on the link which isn't necessarily tracking it's just used for identification purposes and what's going to happen is this is where your tracking begins at now the problem is whenever you jump from page to page this has been going on forever by the way this isn't anything new specifically if you're on safari or firefox what happens is it wipes the facebook tracking now of course you have the facebook pixel up here but the reason why this is bad is when these clo these browsers are closed down the tracking is lost uh to some extent all right and again i don't work at facebook all i can tell you is what we've seen going on in the tracking okay what we've seen in our tracking and their tracking this right here could be fundamentally wrong i want to stress that okay i don't want to make any statements where i'm just pulling stuff out of my butt i'm just telling you what i think okay so at this point the tracking is lost whenever you close down the browser you switch devices or whatnot this isn't great for tracking in the first place this is one of the reasons why facebook tracking had a lot of inaccuracies with webinar funnels call funnels etc because really tracking is applied right here and then you're watched right here and so it can watch when you're logged into facebook and watch basically when your browser is connected to facebook but as soon as this is closed down these browsers are switched you hop to another device the tracking's lost in the first place so this isn't necessarily important to update this is how it tracked before the main thing you need to understand is that one of the key ways where it had a huge way to track with and apply tracking from the app just got knocked out and so most people are using the facebook app or they're using safari on the ios system which is again kind of doing similar things i'm not sure every place that apple wiped out their tracking but it looks like if you're on an app that's in uh if you're an app that's in the ios system it's going to be slapping the stuff and the reason why this is also bad again is because facebook tracking needs to have that connection to facebook it's not reapplied every single click it's not actually stored on the server when the click comes in so let me explain pretty much how highros works or any server side tracking works so if a person clicks a facebook ad on facebook what happens is the link itself first off iris is going to grow i'm just going to use hiros as the example right here and sorry if i'm talking fast i'm just excited because this is this is cool that being said what's going on right here is facebook is going to send in a facebook click id and then there's also going to be a parameter talking to hirose that tells you what facebook ad it came from and i'm going to use hiros as an example in this video you can also interchange this with server-side tracking i'm not trying to press you into buying hiros you should be setting up some type of server side tracking i think hyrus is the best for it but if you want to set up something custom by all means you just need to understand this so the parameter that's in the facebook link which is going to be a little light of text after the link and the facebook id is going to be collected on the page okay and so right off the bat hyrus is going to know that this ad was the thing that generated this click and this is exactly where this person came from so what then happens is every other link they click on the website let's imagine they go back to their cell phone and click an email to get to this page let's imagine they close the browser down and then reopen the browser doesn't really matter we have enough levels of tracking to recognize so the tracking is reapplied at every step on top of that let's imagine the person goes to a website and this is an opt-in page then they land on the thank you page for the opt-in then they come back to a checkout later on and then they process it in a stripe what's going on right here is the data is reapplied and rechecked and recorded at each of these steps and so as long as we can connect one piece of data to the overall big chunk of data that's being collected it really doesn't matter we know exactly who clicked the ad and where they came from more importantly as soon as we see the data come in what happens is we can easily go and say oh okay this is the data that came in and the re the place that this person came from the original source was this ad and this was the original facebook click id now here's where it gets really cool because then we can go and basically say all right this is the facebook click id and facebook knows this they have this information right here so then what we can easily do is say hey facebook we can use their marketing api by the way i could be wrong here but i'm extremely sure that i'm not iris is the only system that does this we're only one that connects to the facebook click id like this okay we also do this for google ads as well that being said what we do is we say hey facebook this is the this is who clicked and then facebook goes oh okay i know who this person is and i know what this ad is and then they go and place the conversion inside their system which then trains their ai pixels the same way you were training them before except much better because we're dealing with 100 accurate data or at least as close to 100 as we can possibly get here so the main takeaway is that well this original tracking that facebook was using in the past just take a major hit a that wasn't the best form of tracking in the first place b it wasn't the best way to train your ai see the same solutions before server-side tracking that was already the better way to train your pixels in ai and the better way to track your ads it's still there and you can still train your ai much better and you can still assign sales directly in your facebook ad manager you don't even need for example here's a picture screenshot of a customer sent me yesterday after the update happened you don't even need to be using the hi-ros chrome extension which if you look right here in my browser shows me way more calls collected yesterday than facebook collected but i can push this data back like this customer showed you right here and literally my ads don't change i'm still pushing the same exact data right in the ad manager and still training my pixel so that's what's going on that's what okay i don't work at apple or facebook and those are the solutions to it you should definitely be looking into server-side solutions i think iris is the best i think our competitors are terrible that's one of the reasons why hiros has done so well the past year that being said you should be looking into having someone set up a server-side solution for you if you're interested in checking out hi-ros every other video on this channel has a link to it below it every single one i'm not going to do it on this video because i just wanted to go and break down what is happening and how you should be looking at it so this has been becker take it easy you

================================================================================
TITLE: EVIL BUT WORKS!! LETHAL FACEBOOK AD SCRIPT EXPLAINED
VIDEO ID: wLNk2QoVmvE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLNk2QoVmvE
================================================================================

irelians it is alex becker ceo of uh you know that high roast company i think it makes everybody's ads run better but that's not important what is important is i'm going to give you an ad script that i've used in my business that hundreds of businesses who i've helped to views that just absolutely crushes on facebook it gets people to pay attention better it gets them to watch the entire video and more importantly whatever you're trying to get them to do after the click it gets them to do it at a much higher rate while dropping for example your cost per lead or your cost per sale immensely i'm not telling you this just because i think it's cool i've seen this every single time in my business i've seen across all the businesses that i've worked with and i think you should know it too because my goal ceo of pyros is when you watch these videos you use this information to grow your ad account which then makes you buy a higher level of tracking account at hiros so you can increase the roi of your ads using our ai optimization like everybody else so it benefits me when you do better from your ads so i'm just going to tell you how to do it and tell you what i see in the industry that being said let's just get into it and by the way as you watch this video i'm going to tell you everything i know about this but if you actually want help with your ads or getting on the youtube book a call with me below my team and i have coached literally hundreds of businesses to their first six figures seven figures and a few eight figures so it's useful but this is gonna be useful too so pay attention to this first okay guys so what we're looking at right here is by far my best performing ad in our arsenal right now i wanna stress that i have many different ads in the ad set but they all follow this script and template they all follow this format so what you're gonna see here applies almost every single ad i run specifically the cold traffic for retargeting i might have a little bit different of a script you can actually see a huge video on my retargeting strategy below in the description it'll be just pop out to see more it'll be there as well on top of that if you're interested in doing this on youtube as well i have a full script for how i run my youtube ads which is where i'm a little bit more lethal than facebook again that's in the description i just released tons of cool content on here constantly if you enjoy that please just leave a like hit the notification bell and subscribe that's going to make sure that you see whenever we release this content every monday wednesday and friday the stuff i'm releasing on this channel is better than anything you'll get in a paid course so this ad right here crushes and i want to break down every little part of this because it's a big cake there's the icing there's the strawberries and they all tie together okay if i stuck mangoes on top of this cake it wouldn't work so every little thing ties together so the first thing you need to always do when you're making a facebook ad is you need to understand that most people are going to view your ad on mobile what it looks like on desktop is where you're going to be building it at but it's very different okay you can see there's more text that's shown you can see the full entire headline right here is shown and frankly you can already see a few little problems with this on mobile you can see the headline doesn't quite finish okay but really that's important right here is this big headline right here you have to understand that there's two steps to your ad there's what catches people's attention and then there's what they actually are going to read once you have their attention so first thing in the description right here you need to make sure that before this see more button right here you have a big huge benefit and then you have a pre a setup right here this here how here's how sets them up to say okay i want to see the rest of us so let's skip the fluff pyro slowers add cost by as much as 52 while increasing add roi period here's how so that right there is a really big hook and they can get them to click to see more button i'll get into everything that's after the seymour but really this is the least important part of that no one's going to really read this the next most important thing right here is that when you have your ad video and videos just usually do better there's times when images will do better but what i've seen in all my testing is videos do better but you need to understand that the first frame of your video or you can set the thumbnail is going to be what people see and you can see what i have right here i have this little thumb drive in the center right there why am i doing that is hyrus stored on the thumb drive no it's not at all but people want to know what the heck this is if you ever see some of the best ads out there it's a person holding a weird object or something it starts at a loop in the person's head that they have to finish they have to figure what is this thing and what relevance is there to it okay if it's just you sitting somewhere or on a laptop the intrigue isn't created at the same effect now what i love to do is this first headline right here needs to be a massive challenge our tracking ai will scale your ads or you don't pay now let me explain kind of what i'm doing right here because there's so many things going on with this headline first off you will make more money or you don't pay is just such a bold statement it's like it's like i walked up and and slapped a hundred thousand dollars on the table in vegas and said the the packers are gonna win the super bowl you're gonna wanna you're gonna wanna know why i believe so strongly and what i just said if i just say something like our tracking will scale your ads you're like okay sure if i say our tracking will scale our ads or i'll give you money or it's free you're like okay this guy couldn't make this statement if it wasn't true because then you want to make money that's what i like to do right here can you make that in every business no but i like to make businesses where i can guarantee results because it's just so much easier to sell something when you know it's going to get a personal results can you imagine like selling a refrigerator that only turns on 80 of the time and how stressful that'd be no i just want to sell a refrigerator that turns on every time person gives me money they get cold food that's what i like to sell okay this refrigerator will cool your food or it's free which is actually how businesses should be run if your product doesn't get results it should be free anyways i'm not going to get into that that's just a really good asset for selling now there's one other thing i'm doing right here ai will scale your ads so hiros does plug in the facebook and google ais and it sends correct data to them and it makes the ai targeting much more effective people that plug the ai in see lower cost per acquisition that's just how it is if you're interested in getting that you should book a call below it's in the description i don't know why you'd run ads without it but what i'm also doing right here is i love focusing on the ai aspect of hi-ros when there's really two parts of the house there's a really advanced tracking that allows you to see everything and make great decisions but then there's the feeding in the ai the reason why i focus on the ai aspect right here is because people are very interested in ai just the general concept of it it's mysterious it's sexy people don't know what it is it's it's provocative the reason why i want to use something that's provocative is because it's provocative it catches a person's attention and creates mystery that they want to figure out what is what ai is he referring to and how is it going to scale my ads if i just said our tracking will help you make better decisions people instantly get it you want the headline to offer a big benefit a massive guarantee or a bet and then create mystery with how it's going to do it because then people want to know how it's going to do it and why you're so confident in it that's why i use ai so much in our ads yes it is a big part of hirose but it's also the most mysterious part i want to use mystery okay now i have right here take the hi-ros challenge your ad scale or it's free you can see on desktop you can see this clearly i frankly this ad already needs to be improved a little bit but you're going to see in my headlines right here i always have a message like this i love take the hi-ros challenge because it's like hey we'll bet on our software we'll bet on our product or it's free you will make more money or it's free that is just such a big bold bet that is a hundred thousand bet on the packers running winning the super bowl and you want to be like all right why is this guy so confident so at this point in time i really have the person's attention and they're going to do two things they're going to click see more or they're just going to watch the video usually what they're going to do is they're going to watch the video okay i'm going to get into the copy of the text here in a second but the video is just so much more important and if you understand how the video works you also understand how to write the text okay so let's get into this video real quick let's go five seconds at a time so what five to ten seconds at a time if you run ads this ai tracking script will scale your ads at least 20 further and get you customers as much as 52 cheaper i guarantee it no literally guarantee this is called hirose and if it doesn't get you those results you don't pay for it and that's okay so what did i just do there i called out exactly what people want you have to understand that i don't want to sell people ai ai is the story behind the benefit they're going to get so what do i mean by the story they're going to get what people want is more money from their ads but people want is the result more dates more money from their business a faster computer processor to learn code quickly they want a result okay now what i do it there is i tell them they're going to get the result through a mysterious way that they are also very interested in it's hard to describe what i'm i'm using this for but whenever you're thinking about anything you're going to sell you want the benefit and the story behind how they're going to get the benefit to be a new opportunity because if people believe it's an opportunity they've already seen they're going to mix it out that is the most important thing when you're running any business via ads it has to appear like a new opportunity now it's even better if you actually have a new opportunity the combination of ai and tracking at hieros is something that literally no other business has they just don't there's a few other people that have ways to send in data like we do but nobody has all the assets we do especially with the facebook api it is a new opportunity but even if you're not selling a truly new opportunity what you want to do is you want to present it as a new opportunity for example if you were selling like a shopify course or something like that you don't want to present it as how to make money with shopify you want to present it by finding a loophole between chinese imports that 711's been abusing for years that you can now use to get into the same hyper profitable loophole that they've been abusing okay if it's dating it has to be something like you know i discovered an algorithm i saw this dating the other day i discovered an algorithm in tinder which gets me five thousand percent more dates people don't understand the algorithm they don't know what it is but it's a new opportunity okay but the benefit is more dates the benefit is more roi from your ads now what i also do right here is i also make that big big big guarantee okay so not only do i bet super hard on it which raises a level of intrigue but i also then show all the businesses that also back up this bet now it's not they're like directly backing it up and saying we swear on this but they use the systems and so i show big brands that people know about in testimonials and that's why big brands like clickfunnels.com tomballsimpacttheory.com b graziosi and tonyrom's mastermind.com six seven eight and nine figure e-commerce brands like ladyboss.com massive influencers with millions of followers sales and ad leaders like dan henry and even one of the highest revenue click funnels funnels of all time outsmarting gymlodge.com they all use this too so what i just do there it's so important when you start a business when it comes to ads to recognize who your target customer is going to be and then figuring out who they look up to if you can get those people then in your these people are going to flock on your business like crazy this is the i think one of the best sales tactics ever so how do you do this well the best way to actually do that is when you're designing your business think of something that the businesses actually need it's a new opportunity okay if i was selling another mailchimp like for example when i ran market hero which is an email software none of these big brands would have came on not a single one because i already have an email autoresponder none of these big brands really had a good tracking or ai optimization solution so i designed it for them i got them on first i got them results and in return i asked for a testimonial or at least to be able to use them as examples so what did i just do i made a huge benefit i created a story around it people still aren't really sure how i get the results here and i'm going to keep it that way intentionally because the point of an ad is not to explain everything it's to get a person to click and then go to the sales copy where you then convert them it's so important you understand with ads i see people explaining everything in their ads the point of the ad is to get the click to the page that is going to convert the person so again you notice i made a big benefit i kept it mysterious i guaranteed it i put a hundred thousand dollars on the table for the packers then i showed big businesses that these people look up to doing it and so people at this point are like okay i don't know what this is but it's provocative i want to know what's going on here how is this going to work because obviously this guy's guaranteeing it he couldn't make these statements if he couldn't make money from this if it wasn't working and then all these people i know are using it what's going on here and so do hundreds of other businesses and frankly if you're not using it too you're at a massive disadvantage because frankly you're paying way too much to get a customer because when you use print tracking plus ai optimization you pay much less you can alright so next thing you need to understand what just happened here i'm going i'm going for fomo all right fomo is the best way to get people to click ads okay fomo's the entire reason people are dumping their life savings in bitcoin right now they're afraid of missing out fomo fear of missing out is is so extremely powerful that it can destroy you when you're investing it can destroy you in so many aspects of your life or it can get you to click an ad so what i do right here i made the benefit i created a mysterious story i made a big old bet and then i backed the bed up with reputable uh with basically authority authority and now what i'm doing is basically saying okay so here's all these things that i guarantee and you're behind the curve you're missing out and so first off i then tap into fomo and then i increase the fomo by identifying it around specific pains okay for example you're going to spend 100 000 on ads this year and 15 000 of that is going to be wasted you could just keep that instead and make the same amount okay this right here showing everybody else getting in on something that's a that is the powerful thing that is the thing that gets the click everybody else is getting in on bitcoin except for you oop that's that's that's literally why people are buying bitcoin at thirty eight thousand dollars instead of five thousand dollars that's literally why everybody's getting rich except for you everybody's getting in on this new opportunity except for you that is the most powerful driving thing to get a click on an ad ever and usually to get sales if it's actually true then what we do is we attach the fomo to real life pain you can scale much further you get customers cheaper you can bid more competitively and if you click this ad i'll explain in extreme detail how it all works and we will even set this up for you and we will also guarantee the results i've talked about all right so what do i do at this point wrapping it all up fomo massive pain if you want to know how to get out of this pain you want to know how to get on and what everybody else is doing and you want to know exactly how this is and how it works don't worry i'll explain it all to you if you click what i am selling in an ad what i am selling in an ad is not my product i am not selling hirose in this ad at all i am selling a click i am asking a person to pay with a click that's what you're selling in an ad that's what you must and so this is the sales process to get someone to do very very very very little for you okay a click is a micro commitment and so we're doing is we're using pain fomo and mystery and the chance that massive benefit and massive mystery that's also amped up by a massive bet to get a person to do one simple thing i don't know if you can hear my mouse right now but i'm clicking just move their finger and this right here is why this is so damn powerful so i also want to stress one thing right here the stuff that's on the c-more i don't think is really that important i literally copy and paste everything i have seen more on every single ad okay and you're going to see me using almost the same exact process that i use right here okay the most important thing let's skip the fluff it's it's this this headline right here all right i first make everything in a way that is going to be easily readable quickly on a mobile ad make your thumbnail intriguing if you run out this a what is this thing big bet headline using a benefit mystery and huge bet second headline big bet emphasized take the high rose challenge your ad scale or you or you don't pay all right i might just want to say your ad scale or you don't and or you don't pay that would be a better way to present this headline script present massive benefit via a new opportunity place a massive bet on it guaranteeing it okay that makes it so hey this guy must be saying it's true if i didn't place a massive bet on like i said like dude your business is gonna make a hundred thousand dollars if you just listen to me okay this guy probably full of it like every other internet marketer no no if you don't make a hundred thousand dollars you don't pay me okay this guy must be he must be delivering this or he wouldn't make any money okay that's what we do at hiros back it up with authority and rapport with people they already have rapport with then make them feel fomo about missing out on this new opportunity emphasize all the problems it's going to cause in their life the longer they wait urge them to click this is how you get clicks on facebook this is how you get super cheap clicks on facebook this is how you get people to do things on facebook that is it bonus tip if you're running ads on facebook what you need to know to actually understand which ads are going to generate you the best roi is you also need to have accurate data check this out right here if i go and look at my ad manager stats right here on facebook you can see it said i had three calls but it doesn't even tell me what my roi was on this all right this ad set right here generated me seventy two hundred dollars at a hundred fifty seven dollars per call okay that's an insane roi if i was using the basic facebook stats for example the three calls i would have stopped this the calls were super expensive at 261 and i wouldn't even know it maybe an roi here's another one right here 10 calls that i actually achieved okay facebook is reporting a much higher one only caught eight more importantly if we go look at some of these ones facebook will also go and over report sometimes okay the facebook tracking is great for what it is one size fits all plugins slow it on no no support needed kind of thing but if you actually want real stats you want to go off for real stats you should go book a call below with hiros because it's going to help you identify which ads you have actually are working and then more importantly generating sales not just getting clicks that's it so that being said today guys this is today's lesson if you like stuff like this like subscribe hit the notification bell i release videos every monday wednesday and friday it's better than anything you will ever pay for i guarantee it because i'm not holding anything back because i want you to grow your ads so you'll sign up for hirose and or grow your ad account on hirose and upgrade that's that's my entire intention right here on top of that be sure to check out i have my youtube ad script below i have my exact facebook retargeting scripts and methods below on top of that there is a full youtube course below and a full advanced facebook scaling course below that will show you how to scale on youtube and finally if you want me to actually help you with your ads and coach your own ads i've generated more six seven and eight figure results than any other youtube ad coach online period if you'd like to book a call with me below and see the little endless amount of results that i've gotten as well you can also book a call with me below we'll hop in i'll tell you exactly how you should be growing your ads and if i think i can help you if i can guarantee i can help you we might be able to work together so that being said subscribe notification bell i will see you in the next video [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE:  !!!       
VIDEO ID: a8E_6uU2wQE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8E_6uU2wQE
================================================================================

do you get super aroused when you go to the 99-cent store well this is for you because what we're going to be focusing on in this video is how to get super cheap clicks on facebook oh the dollar clicks remember those when you first got started everyone's like dollar clicks make a million dollars a day we're not gonna get quite that cheap but what i'm going to show you in this video my fellow hyruleans by the way this is alex becker ceo of hyros you know a company that helps everybody track their ads and get a much higher roi on their ads and then feed it back to iii and get even more roi on that it's that that company that's what i do but more importantly i'm gonna be showing you in this video how to get crazy cheap clicks on facebook by what i've done to get really low clicks on facebook but more importantly get the actions that you're looking for the sale the cpl the clicks as well and the views much cheaper than everybody else i've used this in e-commerce i've used this in sas i've used this in consulting and info businesses even if you're selling kangaroos this will probably work for you so we're just gonna dive straight into it okay guys so this is going to be super weird because if you're watching this video you probably look at all your stats in your ads manager you look at the cpm cost per view cost that's cost per click cost per click and i all the time when i help people with their ads they they have a they usually have huge spreadsheets with all these stats and this is what they think determines or is the indicator of how well their ads are doing so originally when people first got on the facebook and so this day what they focus on a ton of times is cheap clicks and i'm going to be straight up with you in this video i tricked you into watching it because i know you probably are looking for cheap clicks too but cheap clicks are not the thing you want to look for they're an indicator of something else which i'm going to show you and if you understand this something else you will get cheap clicks but you also get cheap everything else because let's let's really understand one simple concept we can take the hundred stats in the dashboard right you can you can have an entire board with all your stats right here but at the end of the day there's really only two stats that matter in your business actually there's only one it's roi every one of these stats could be completely out of control just broken by standards but if your roi is large then you it doesn't really matter if you're doing a 4x roi it doesn't matter and so it's such a mistake to focus on these things right here now there's also other indicators in your business that are going to indicate whether an ad is working or not for example if you're running a deep funnel that has an opt-in in the front of it your indicator is going to be cpl and the cpl is the main thing you want to be looking at because if the cpl goes down all of these stats right here go down as well so if you just focus on what controls the cpl which is the message behind the ad the quality of your opt-in and understanding of your customer then that's just going to go it's going to plummet and then these things will plummet as well and it's so much easier to just focus on the message of your ad and your opt-in than it is all these other stats the same thing applies with an e-commerce store the main thing that actually matters is the cost per sale which is going to be controlled by how well the ad performs which is again you're thinking well isn't it all these things sort of sort of i'm going to show you how to get all these things super low without thinking about them and then also the offer that you're offering okay if you have a call funnel it's going to be cost per call and then all of these only thing that actually matters behind all of these ones is roi and the crazy thing about this is in almost every business i see people operate around the cost per lead or cost per call because they can't actually track their roi which is again i'm not going to pump high roast in this thing but if you don't see the roi of your ads truly and you're missing like 50 of your sales you're optimizing around bogus stats and i guarantee you're losing like 20 30 percent a year try out hiros uh anyways so look what you need to do instead is when i'm running an ad okay and how i get my ads super cheap and let me show you this concept right here in google to make it a little bit more clear so you're probably thinking all right but isn't this about facebook yes but it's just so much easier to show you this because youtube's a little bit more straight to the point because there's less variables you just have a video on facebook you have ad copy you have the video you have the images you have the headline there's a lot of things to play with and so well let's just keep it simple like this you can see right here my cost per view on youtube what most people are going to try and do on facebook and youtube is they're going to is they're going to try and control their cost per view by editing their targeting and their demographics and all the little they're bidding they're going to try and bid to lower their cost per view so check this out right here you can see three different messages right here this one is actually really really blatantly obvious so you can see here's a message right here where the focus of the ad is saved 20 on ads okay the message of this ad is how ai can be used to scale ads these are two different messages the the communication in both these ads is focusing on two different benefits and so you can see right here the cost per view on this video is 30 cents the cost per view on this video is 11 cents why because this concept this message this benefit is far more attractive to the viewer than this one this is what's going on right here so the way you actually get cheap clicks and cheap views is not to play with your targeting i could go out there and play with the targeting on this ad the demographics and all the bidding i could maybe get this down to 25 cents there's no way i could plummet it much further because people don't respond to this benefit this message right here doesn't stand out to them this one right here stands out to them like a sore thumb so then let's look at these ads right here okay again we see this one right here scale ads scale ads 38 cents per view this one focusing on ai 21 cents per view but then we can also look at the different messages of the ai so let's this this benefit right here you can see really doesn't respond to customers customers don't don't they just don't care about saving money on their ads that's why the cost per view is high not because the targeting or some toggle inside of adwords is messed up now if we come down here we can see different messages from this ai and locks ads i'm pretty sure this one right here focuses on a different message and it's shot from my iphone this one right here at my desk where i have a different message at the start of the ad i believe this one right here talks about the benefits of ads this one talks about ai scaling ads okay this one talks about how ai optimization works people are interested what what am i seeing from this people are not interested in saving money on their ads they're not really interested in how ai optimization works they are interested on ai optimization scaling their ads further and so this tells me what the customer's thinking and if i want to get cheap clicks if i actually go and look at the the cost per conversion i'm sure this all lines up right here we're just going to stick to cost per view right here you're going to see that this ad right here simply performs better okay now you can see over time this one was the winner okay so this one right here it's focusing again on ai scaling ads so this one is about 22 cents right here okay and so you can see all the ones that focus on scaling ads are the winners all the ones that focus on saving money or how it works are the losers that's what you need to focus on with your ads and so when you're looking at your facebook ads it's exact same concept and my facebook ad account it's really hard to show you this because i already know this and so i converted all my ads to focus on scaling ads with ai in fact if you go and look at my main funnel right here you can see that how highros uses ai tracking insulin increase ad roi and so here's the bigger secret to everything i'm showing you right here yes i totally tricked you to watch this video because i'm going to teach you the most powerful ad tech that there is what you want to do with your ads is you want to see the messages and ads that people connect to so when you run facebook ads don't go out there and run like five ads and then look at their costs and start playing with the demographics of targeting the age the the income these things these can come i'm not saying these things are completely unimportant but these are these are the things that are going to get you a 20 boost what i'm showing you here is going to get you the 80 boost what you want to do when you're running ads on facebook or youtube is make ads with different messages so for example how i got the high-risk ads to crush it okay again these things pump out i spent about 3 000 a day right now we do anywhere from 15 000 to on good days 35 000 revenue back that's cash revenue that's not payment plans that's not like projected revenue that's not including the mrr that comes from that's just cash in and so what i'll do is when i was running the hirose ads originally i made one ad actually i made three ads i focused on increasing ad roi i mean it on saving ad roi and then i made another one on uh just gains just overall benefits and i made another one on ai all right so when i looked at the cost per lead which is actually what i look at i don't even look at cost per view because here's the thing the one with the lowest cost per view and the most clicks is going to be the ones the one that people are most interested in and so naturally the one with the lowest cpl is going to usually have the lowest cost per view so i don't look at these numbers right here i'm just showing you exactly what i already know that being said when we go into it i originally ran these ads i noticed people really connected with ai and then they also respond to this one but they respond most strongly to the ai so i scratch these two ones right here all right and so let's say my cpl my cost per call this time was like 350 dollars all right so that's that's we still do very well at high risk with that but not as well as we could if it was lower duh all right so what i did is i combined those two messages together i said okay people really respond to ai so what can i do i made an ai ad focusing on scaling an ai ad focusing on saving and ai ad focusing just on the overall benefits how it works the tech behind it and how you're behind the times and then let's say i just added another concept i don't quite remember it was very clear to me that people instantly responded to this one the cpl uh the cost per call on these ones i was originally running an opt-in first the cpl was much lower on the opt-in page okay so if i i made this page originally and i tried a few different headlines as well alright so this one worked really really well in combination with the scaling ad so i really noticed that people are very interested in the ai combination but then what i did next is i just removed this opt-in and i switched straight to just the landing page that goes for this the call i noticed the ads that focused on scaling with i did exceptionally well and so what i then did all right now the cost per view and the cost per click plummeted okay and also the costs were called plummeted so it got down from like 350 to like 250. and so then what i did is i looked at this page and i said how can i make it line up with ad because this is obviously the message that people respond to best so what i then did is i changed the headline and i made the focus of the top of the page b about scaling ads with ai boom cost per call dropped to about a hundred bucks a call 100 to 150 bucks a call i mean a few days ago we're getting like 50 60 calls and we close at a extremely high rate at highrose and so that's how we get away with spending almost nothing on ads and doing such high rois this is the secret to it i know i tricked you to get here but if you're focusing on your cost per click and your cost per view and and all of these other stats you're confusing yourself because what you need to be focusing on is not the stats you need to be focusing on what customers are responding to when you do that and then you focus your ad creative and your landing pages around what they're telling you they're interested in all these stats will naturally start going down in the way you want them to that's the lesson for today and if you can then work your ad copy around that holy moly and then this is the fun little bonus tip for you check out these ads right here okay check how little i spend on these things look at the cost compared to the roi hundred and ninety eight thousand to five thousand thirty two thousand to ten thousand one thousand four hundred to forty two thousand what you need to focus on next and i want to point out right here i'm not looking at google stats so and more of the stories focus on the ads that are actually getting an roi because i look at cost per call and cpl add to carts or whatever other metrics you might be looking at but i really optimize around is this right here okay and then the reason why these ads do really well is because then i pass this data back to google i pass this data back to facebook and it optimizes around this data right here not cost per call and cost per lead like so many people too and so my final tip for you if you're obsessed with stats actually track the correct stats and then optimize around roi ignore everything else make and optimize your funnel around what customers are telling you they're your cpl your cpv all the stats will go down and then when you do that then focus on and optimize and scale your ads based around roi not those relevant stats you could have the best cpl cost per click on planet earth and if you're not pumping out an roi it doesn't matter it doesn't matter okay and by the way what i'm using to track this with is hyrus i'm not trying to be biased i'm not trying to throw it in your face there is no other tool on planet earth that does okay and puts it in your ad manager like this and then passes it all back to it there's no tool that uses the facebook api like we do so if you're interested in that you should check out the link below this and book a call with us again we have a 90 day refund guarantee on it if you don't see stats increase you're at roi our ai training doesn't improve your roi you don't pay for it now the next thing i also want to give you or tell you is if you go look at this page right here i made a video yesterday that breaks down this copywriting right here and so this is another thing that's going to really increase your roi as well that's it guys that's all i have for you today i'm going to be pumping out three to four videos a week so be sure to subscribe be sure to hit that like button let me know the feedback you have i'm trying to grow this channel really fast right now and give you guys the best ad content online again the reason why i'm doing this and i'm not holding anything back is because if you learn something and grow your ads you're going to run in the tracking issues and you or you're going to be upgrading your hirose account so it works for me so i'm just going to tell you everything i know and so that's why you should subscribe finally last thing if you want to actually help scaling up your ads and getting results i've helped literally hundreds of businesses scale past multi-six figures seven figures and eight figures you can book a consulting call with me below and we'll show you exactly how to plug into youtube ads and scale your business that being said check out the videos at the end of this video i have so much content on this channel for you there's a full facebook advance course there's a full youtube advance course there's everything i'm doing behind my ads there as well check it out this has been becker i'll see in the next video probably releasing our schedules now monday wednesday and [Music] friday you

================================================================================
TITLE: URGENT : YOUTUBE ADS ARE CRUSHING FACEBOOK IN 2021
VIDEO ID: UPNxJeDrx18
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPNxJeDrx18
================================================================================

since the dawn of time since the days of achilles since the day of caesar octavius and marcus aurelius there has been one question on the minds of human beings what is the best ad platform who will get you the cheapest people to your website to buy things in an efficient way that's literally caesar quote from him right here uh look it's 2021. you're probably wondering should i use facebook should i use youtube i have scaled businesses to eight figures on youtube and facebook i have helped multiple people scale to six seven and eight figures on facebook and youtube i own hiros which helps people track their ads correctly to get a higher roi and then combine that with the ai on facebook and youtube to optimize your ads get even higher roi so i can kind of see what's happening across the entire industry across almost every single niche so when i tell you in this video i'm going to tell you which platform is better in 2021 well i got a lot of data points and so it's probably going to be closer to true than it's not or at least better than all the other people screaming like this is the best thing we're going to use data and what you're going to see in this video is that they are better at certain things depending on your business depending on the type of funnel you run depending on what you're selling it's sometimes better to start on facebook other times it's better start on youtube and so i'm going to be breaking it all down for you in this video that being said i can only get this so much in a 15 minute video so if you'd actually like help with your ads my team and i have actually helped multiple businesses scale to six figures seven figures eight figures actually hundreds of businesses at this point you can click below and see all the results you can book a call with us and we will actually help you scale your ads as well and we'll hop in a strategy call with you and actually show you everything you need to do to scale your ads on youtube which i think is a little bit of a better traffic source this year by about 25 percent let me show you why all right guys so let's just get down to it we're talking about what is going to be the best traffic source of 2021 and if you want my overwhelming decision i'm going to give it to you at the end of this video but you have to ask yourself with these two traffic sources youtube or facebook what niche are you in and i'm going to cover the niches in this video i'm going to cover kind of my predictions but these aren't predictions i see the stats every day and it's really obvious here's what you need to know all right it depends on what niche you're in whether you're in e-commerce or in a certain niche inside of e-commerce i'll get into certain niches that are very different or if you are in high ticket infield marketing which would be sales call funnels where you're selling an 8k product et cetera or if you're in consulting okay and so i want to talk about these three because these are really you if you run an online business you probably fall into one of these categories all right so so first things first let's talk about youtube for info businesses okay so look when you're running an info business you have to understand that youtube is by far the most superior traffic source for info marketing period okay so for example if you check out the page below i'm not saying sign up or book a call for iron but when you do check out that page you'll see countless businesses that are in info marketing that have crossed the six and seven figure market is primarily fueled by youtube on top of that when i look at hiros every single day the businesses that are crushing the most on youtube are going to be info business now does this mean ecommerce and other businesses won't crush it no it's because when people are watching youtube they're in an info-consuming mood they're there usually to learn if you're catching them on youtube now there's there's definitely circumstances on youtube where people are not there to learn but you need to compare the state that the person is in when they're on facebook versus the state that a person is when you grab them with an info ad or a education ad on youtube on youtube they're actively watching something on facebook they're in the line at whole foods doing something else it's it's very easy to understand why they convert so much better to webinar funnels and why they convert so much better to sales call funnels i'll be getting into these funnels actually in the next video we're going to be trying to release about three to four videos a week in the next video i'm going to be talking about the best sales funnels for youtube and facebook right now so the reason why i can say this is because when i scaled one of my info businesses i was spending anywhere from 15 to 25 000 per day and i'm going to tell you straight up that when i was spending this amount of money right here the returns on youtube were significant so for example if i was spending 15 25 k a day what would usually happen is when we did everything back when did all the payment plans completions whatever we're usually doing about 40 to 50k back a day okay and of course there'd be all sorts of other hard costs and businesses and stuff like that so we could probably lower this down to i don't know 30 to 40ish k a day on good days so i don't want to use big imaginary numbers that's about what we were doing around this time so that being said when i run these same exact ads on facebook i would get a much lower return that's why i think if you're an info marketer right now and you're running ads on facebook it's just silly because i think the number one reason why they perform so much better is that key they're already watching something mentality and info is sold with sales videos okay info is sold with sales videos people don't know who tai lopez is because of his facebook ads they know who he is because of his youtube ads so that's what you need to focus on right here 2021 by far if you're in an info business and you're not running youtube ads you are missing out on growing your info business immensely because what's going to probably happen now that all the election and everything is over hopefully the us is about to go like this and with that comes the demographic that buys info the most that's going to be your uh people that's going to be your middle class to slightly upper class incomes okay the people that have lots of money right now they're probably not buying info okay now don't get me wrong info is doing quite well right now however as soon as the nation starts to take up again which i believe is about to happen it's just going to explode and you want to be in a position to double down on that with youtube now let's talk about e-commerce the e-commerce that works really well on youtube there's two types of them there's high ticket e-commerce which is for example people may be selling solar power are really high ticket items okay so you might see people selling solar panel ads where you put panels in your house they have to be expensive because it doesn't really work you should check out my video that i'm going to link to right below this video i'll link to a few of them but it explains the type of products that work on youtube and why they usually need to be high ticket if you're selling little 30 dollar trinkets or the general things that you see people selling in e-commerce it usually doesn't work out very well okay so first off if you're running high-ticket e-commerce you want to be on youtube okay it's because again you're going to need sales videos and sales calls to sell these things and this is superior now if you are also running what i like to call entertainment e-commerce so if you're looking at makeup if you're looking at e-commerce products that tie in the channels with mass thousands amounts of views for example what's interesting right now is if you look at all the crypto channels that are blowing up if you were selling like wallet devices or things that help people stow their crypto that's a form of e-commerce now we do exceptionally well because the channels are blowing up however if you're selling weird off things like cat food bowls and whatnot that could actually do really well on youtube as well now that i think about it i've seen examples like that what you need to think about when you're running ecommerce on youtube and i see this all the time with people where it works and people where it doesn't work is you need to look at how many people are routinely watching videos that relate to your e-commerce product it's not really like facebook where you can easily go and target people based on their interest and then they just buy i don't know hats or something like that it's gonna be hard to sell those however if you're selling things that relate to the entertainment videos on youtube that does very very well now if you're outside those niches for example if like i was in the camping niche on youtube that probably wouldn't do very well because it's really hard to find mass amounts of views talking about camping it's really hard to find mass amounts of views where people are talking about air purifying machines yes the views are there but they're not there in mass okay you can probably target people that are interested in health and wellness way better on facebook and then sell them these devices that works a lot better and so if you're not in a niche where you can easily make the connection facebook is the reigning king of e-commerce okay you just that that's just what you should know about that now for consulting again it's another catch-22 because i've ran extremely profitable funnels actually run two extremely profitable funnels that are consulting funnels right now somewhat we could say this is also consulting in sas so at the moment i run hybros uh which is our software company which works for high level ad runners okay so basically a person plugs in the high roast they instantly are able to get like a 15 20 percent higher roi due to the tracking and optimization we provide that's kind of more almost like a consulting service because we sell something very high ticket and we sell it through a sales call funnel on youtube if i'm running these type of ads i don't get the same type of easy conversions that i do on facebook now don't get me wrong hirose ads work really really well on youtube for us but they're much much easier to run on facebook as far as my iron consulting program i run a little bit of ads on that and it's just they perform far better far better on facebook and the reason for this is i can't particularly explain it i think it's just generally a lot easier to target small demographics on facebook okay so think about like this if you go look at the targeting for youtube what you're going to run into is it's very broad mass market this is the big difference between these traffic sources youtube is purely mass market marketing and so it's really easy to scale from a thousand to 25 000 a day it's totally possible to do i've done it before if you're in a mass market the thing is if i want to target people that specifically run ads or people that specifically maybe like contractors for homes very hard to do if i want to target like gym owners very hard to do facebook's as simple as going in and targeting people that fall into that demographic and have ceo owner something in their job title and are the heads of facebook ad groups and so it's really easy to run in these niches if you're spending one thousand two thousand dollars a day me extremely profitable that's just something you have to keep in mind this works incredibly incredibly well on facebook so i'm saying right now so i'm saying right now that while it's true that you can totally run consulting in sas ads on youtube the easiest place to get started is going to be facebook that's what i've seen many many times that being said if you understand how to tap into and make your ads work on youtube you can run youtube consulting and sas ads just fine i do this all day it's just a bit more challenging and so here's what i suggest you do in this instance if you're in this category if you're in this category right here you're probably already on facebook or if you're thinking about getting started start on facebook to get your copies and your funnel and everything that goes into what you're doing right okay and then what you want to do as soon as you cap out in traffic on facebook because here's what's going to happen when you get the thousand two thousand dollars per day it actually starts to get quite hard to target business owners now i'm not saying you can't do it you can definitely scale further than that but you start facing a lot of resistance and the easiest way to get past this resistance is then take it to youtube take your perfected funnels and then start slapping it on placements start slapping it and really layered intent audiences for example and i'm gonna you should check out our youtube guide that's on the channel i'll link to that below as well that's going to break down intent audiences and scaling and whatnot and what you then do from there is you make those layered intent audiences for example people are in advertising and marketing layered with people that make over 50 000 per year so you don't want to get people that are below that because they obviously aren't business owners and that works really well as well and so if you actually go and look at my youtube ads for hiros let me show you an example you can see down here for hirose we're at about 131 dollars per call and if you come over here to youtube it's a little bit higher but i find the quality is a lot higher okay you can see i'm some of these are really profitable for example this one right here i think we're getting like a 24 cost per call and it did 30 000 roi and just off of like literally in the last uh month right there did 30 thousand dollars roi off of only 20 a day so like it totally works google ads and youtube totally work you can see this one right here this was at eighty dollars a day um it's it twenty six thousand dollars in total sales right there and then that's reoccurring highest it works great um you need to understand that's exactly what i just did on facebook and youtube i went and scaled up on facebook first and as soon as i started seeing the roi start to dip a little bit i also then just take it over to youtube and i perfected the funnels on facebook and just drove them right over to and it works great if you understand how to do that my only suggestion for these type of funnels this is my biggest suggestion for 2021 and yes it's extremely biased but check this out right here so if i go and look at the sales funnel right here it says i got eight calls if i go look at the tracking and google it says i got three i would have shut down this ad and the cost recall is great i have no problem paying 300 per call that's very profitable for us long term that being said if i saw only three calls right here that would mean i'm paying like 500 per call and i would have turned off the ad i would have just shut down this ad right here instantly right here seven calls at 212 dollars a call that's fantastic okay but if i were to cut that in half by the reported four calls right here i would have turned off this ad maybe all right that would take me to 350. if you're running ads like this first off based on these conversions and cost per call it's not accurate so you're just going to be flying all over the place with a sales call funnel or a high ticket funnel it's the most important thing to be tracking this way get wicked reports get high risk set up your own custom thing i don't know what you want to do okay um but more importantly with these type of high ticket funnels as well for consulting just giving you one last piece of advice you need to be looking at the roi because you can see right here uh there's there's ones down here where it has a great cost per call let's go and find one with a really good cost per call really good cost per call no sales coming in right here really good cost per call no sales coming in right here now this is a weird example because i'm pretty sure these will generate sales because i know how to hirose data trends but a lot of people just run based off the cost per call and they're buying all these calls that are really cheap they don't turn in the sales or they're buying all these opt-ins that are really cheap but don't turn the sales and when i was scaling on youtube from about ten to fifteen thousand dollars per day to twenty five thousand dollars i must have wasted at least almost five to ten thousand dollars a day in ad spend sometimes on opt-ins that weren't actually generating sales because i wasn't able to track like this so that's just a bonus tip right there so that guys is my analysis of 2021 and what you need to be looking at based on the business you're in if you're in info marketing get on just do it okay uh if you're an e-commerce think about what type of e-commerce you're doing i'm not saying this other type of e-commerce over here hats maybe like stuff where you can't tie it directly into videos isn't going to work um but if you can tie it in entertainment videos for example if you had like a facial roller device that irons out wrinkles or something like that and you were going and sticking that on makeup and cosmetic video ads that would crush it okay and if you are running a e-commerce object think about like i don't know you ever seen like those john deere tractors if you had something that was like really good like that and you were putting this on farming videos and whatnot where people have to make this large investment you can get people on the phone you can really work with that traffic because just with a little bit of traffic coming in from youtube you can sell you know five thousand ten thousand twenty thousand dollar object from that phone call so if you're paying a hundred dollars per call two hundred dollars per call that's fine finally if you're in consulting what i suggest you do consulting sas start on facebook once you have your stuff working you're going to start hitting a cap because you're not going to be able to scale us further or as far on facebook because what you're doing is you're working with these micro small audiences that are really hard or easy to target on facebook that are really easy to target on facebook and as soon as you start hitting a cap move over to youtube and then start scaling them with each other okay and that will kind of give you your total reach right there so all in all guys this has been the highros train for the day subscribe to this because i'm going to be releasing i think about three to four videos a week right now we're going to be talking about the type of funnels that are working best right now based on all the data i've seen at hiros based on everything i've seen in my experience in the next video so you're probably going to want to see that final just a little call to action that tracking problem i brought up earlier if you want to fix that you can fix that at highrose below by booking a call with us we have a 90 day refund guarantee on it if you don't see the problem fixed and you don't make more from your ads you don't pay that also being said if you want to get on youtube i have the most successful youtube coaching program of all time based on results you can click below and look at the results and you can draw your own conclusion from that if you're interested in those things book a call will help you out other than that thanks for watching hyruleans i'll catch you in the next video this has been alex becker and uh be careful with those bitcoin investments guys invest in your ads much better maybe we'll see in five [Music] years [Applause] foreign

================================================================================
TITLE: FAST Facebook Ad Scaling Guide ($100-$5000 A Day!)
VIDEO ID: qLrjrg1ce1w
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLrjrg1ce1w
================================================================================

ladies gents and goblins it is it is the final video is the final video of this series this video i'm going to be walking you through 50 a day scale 200 a day scale 500 ish a day scale and then blowing past a thousand dollars a day scale all the way up to five thousand dollars a day scale and what i'm going to break down in this video is what you should be looking at at each point and if you follow this you're consistently not going to blow up your ads and what usually happens when people scale is their cpl their cpa or their costs acquire customer goes to the roof something explodes and then people don't know what it is it's because when you hit certain points ad scale something is usually going to go wrong because your ad is not competent enough to go to that next level of scale if you know where to look at this you can actually prevent this from happening in the first place or you can address the issue before you keep trying to scale what most people try and do is they get to a certain point and they just keep hitting it over and over and over again thinking that there's some audience or some bidding strategy that's blocking them it's not how it works at certain levels of scale certain types of things are going to go wrong with your ads and there's going to be very common things that you can fix to allow you to break to that next point because really what scaling is is just keeping your ads profitable while going into broader audiences that are more expensive to target that's literally all it is and if you know how to work in these broader audiences while making your ads more and more profitable and more optimized that's how you scale you scale by optimizing the funnel the offer the ad copy not by optimizing weird little bidding things i'm going to show you exactly where to look at each level scale in this video so let's get into it okay guys so this video is again all about scaling all about the scaling getting those big juicy huge scale numbers 15 025 no that's not what this is about at all look the first thing we need to cover in this video is there is no honor in spending tons of money on ads okay i in fact make much more profit now my margins are much much higher spending 2 to 3k a day extremely efficiently efficiently than sometimes when i've been spending 15 to 20k a day okay that's the first thing we need to talk about in this video this is priority number one it's all about the profit margins or the intended goal okay now i'm going to dive into my ad account i'm actually going to show you a lot of my numbers and really exactly how i bid but it's actually quite simple if you understand the key concepts of how scaling actually happens and again just like the last video doesn't come down to a secret bidding technique or like increasing your bids or budget by point two cents a day to like trick to facebook algorithm and just thinking that you are i don't know barack obama okay well you'd be like this is barack dude he's bidding in a certain way we got to give him the big bucks the big the good customers give them all the good ones okay so or donald trump if that's your forte don't get political on me in these videos guys i'm just making jokes so there's a few things you need to understand first and foremost number one is that when you are scaling from 100 500 let's go all the way up to like let's just use 5 000 a day but this applies in almost any range okay once you get past a thousand dollars a day all the audiences start behaving very similar so let's say we get an audience to a thousand bucks a day and so on and so forth you understand that why your numbers usually fall apart isn't because of your targeting it isn't because you're targeting at all because frankly if you get to look like audiences and let's say you get to about three percent look alike audiences the audience is going to be three to five million people depending of all the countries you have in there in order to reach three to five million people you're gonna be needing to spend at least around ten thousand dollars a day on ads really consistently be showing uh these people the ads over and over and over again at any level of consistency usually what happens when people's ad roi starts going down they assume it's ad fatigue and they go and make new ads uh and and try and do just basically new ads that's what i usually see and while changing out your ads does help sometimes it's rarely the long term answer and you should really get to the point with your ads when you're targeting audiences this big that your ads will work for a very long time now that's not me saying that your first ad should work for a very long time it usually takes about a hundred ads in an ad account to get to the point where you have five ads that consistently work having an ad that like really hits the ball out of the park they're rare it's about one in 20 and that's fine okay if you go look through my ad account i've i think i'm at like 60 ads now and i have four to consistently work really really well right now and there's no rhyme or reason behind which ones work and which ones don't so you just need to constantly be adding new ads into the mix when i was running hcom when we scaled to about 20 000 a day i could just consistently run the same three to five ads and the cpl and metrics would stay about the same of course they would always gradually trend upward because that's just what happens with ads but i didn't have to change my ads very consistently once we hit that level and i had tested about 50 different ads and then about three to five this consistently works so drop that whole ad fatigue thing it's not because of ad fatigue at your ads won't scale what does happen as we get from 100 to 500 to a thousand dollars a day on an ad set or a specific audience is you go from again the kiddie pool that i talked about in previous videos to being in a more broad pool to just being in a super broad pool and what usually happens on facebook is people have a very targeted offer with a message that won't survive in this area right here so they try to do all these different things and they can never really scale past 5000 bucks a day if that's their goal because the message of the offer doesn't work and i talked about message a ton in the last video so i'm not going to talk about it right now but the way you scale from 100 to 500 to 1000 a day is you keep tweaking the message to reach the broadest audience as possible it's not targeting let me show you this here is one ad right here where i'm consistently getting hundred dollar calls this is phenomenal at high risk because i am massively profitable at 400 calls okay now if i go and look at the same audiences right here let's just go look at this audience right here hi rose let's just look at the best performing audience the last seven days okay um so if i go look at this audience right here so let's look at the science right here it's just doing really great seventy three dollar calls that's juicy for me hiro's two percent calls okay and so this is targeting a audience and this is not this is a call funnel i realized that the same thing applies in e-commerce the same thing applies with mass info or course sales it's the same thing across the entire board i'm going to give you some more objectives when it comes to scaling right here in fact this entire video is just me spilling pearls of wisdom that are going to help you scale and get much higher roi in your ad spend there's really no actual plan with this video i'm just going to tell you all the cool tricks and stuff i know so check this out uh it's a look-alike audience of hiros calls mid-year so if i go and look at this same exact audience and this campaign that i've actually turned off right here let's go hi-ros okay you can see it's 300 cost per calls and you can see right here with the signs right here high risk customers three percent i'm like netting 500 cost per calls right here whereas on this one right here you can see the past few days i'm actually getting like 79 cost per calls it's all about the message of the ad okay 100 40 cost per call is what i'm averaging right here i'm getting 500 on the other one and the reason for that is because i really focused on tweaking how the funnel works and how the person interacts with the ad and how the person gets the phone call and the message of the sales video and the message of the ad and so you can see if the same exact audience right there i'm getting significantly better numbers and look at 400 a day i can scale but i want to see like 10xrys in my ads because i'm incredibly greedy with high risk because it's such a great offer and so the thing you need to understand right here is that it's it's usually not an audience thing it's a message thing and now the next tip i'm going to show you is i scale a very specific way i increase my bids based on the results but the most important thing i need to tell you for very quickly is for love of all things good and gravy i've talked about this six times in every single video so i'm not going to talk about too long right here track your ads with something if you don't want to use hi-ros go use wiki reports go combine something with segment i don't care what you're doing do not use ad platform tracking to make your decisions this is the world's simplest funnel right here where the person just clicks in and books a call and i'm still looking look two calls right here on this one right here it looks like this is a dud audience it didn't catch any calls this one right here two calls caught one looks like a dud audience it would be 300 cost per call if i wasn't tracking this correctly this one right here reported three calls because of view through conversions and how it tracks things or maybe a person clicked an ad on google and that and google actually got credit because again i have multiple traffic sources running you might probably be too since it's an advanced course and so you're going to have organic traffic running you're going to have google ads running and then you're going to have facebook ads running and facebook is going to give itself credit or it might give itself view through conversions and if you were scaling based on that you were scaling on incorrect data and this shouldn't be shocking to anybody but when you scale on incorrect data you spend money on ads that don't actually make you money you kill ads that are making you money when you do both of those things consistently you are going to waste lots of money and kill your scale prematurely and you're going to not have ads that are as profitable as they should be because when you track your ads properly you make better decisions people that make better decisions get a higher roi on their ads again you can see this right here i have my hi-ros data i have my high-risk tracking data pulled up right here you can see here's an ad set right here doing quite well reported no conversions doing quite well 84 calls holy moly not reporting it if i turn off these ads right here i'm turning off my best sources of calls and then finally last of all scale around roi it takes a little bit of time for my calls to come in sales to come in but i can even already see my roi in these platforms if you're doing a call funnel if you're doing a webinar funnel you're doing something as a long click to sale time if you're not scaling around roi you're bonkers okay and so this is the things i'm going to be making my decisions off of if you want the same tracking like this go below just book a consultation with hiros i'm not trying to pitch you or sell you in these videos i just don't know how to give you scaling advice if you're not using correct data it would be like me giving you stock investing advice with incorrect stock data like i wouldn't tell you to invest in something if the numbers i was basing my investment advice on were wrong would i same thing book a consultation below but then once i have that data right there what i'm going to do is scale like this i'm i usually start audiences at about 100 bucks a day if it's a big audience okay if it's a big eye and says there were a million people 100 000 people and i'm just going to kick it at 100 a day you can start at 50 to 100 whatever you want to do some people start at 20 and that's way too small to see data quickly if you're starting off this is an advanced ad course so that's why i'm not starting off with five dollar a day bidding or anything like that because the truth is if i want to scale quickly and i put it five dollars a day it's gonna take me twenty dollars a day it's going to take me 20 days to figure out what i could have figured out in one day at 100 a day now that concept doesn't work if i kicked it out at a thousand dollars because the audience might get blown out and that means where the message of the ad loses traction okay so where the ad will actually perform and be profitable it could maybe at three hundred dollars a day five hundred dollars a day one thousand dollars a day could hit blowout so what blowout is is let's imagine we have the ad and it's working we're getting great cpls great cpas whatever our acquisition cost says it's profitable you've probably noticed at a certain point of scale it blows out and then it stops working all your numbers go to hell what we're trying to do with scale is find this number right here find the blowout area and then we're going to go and work on our messaging to increase the blowout area that's really all scaling is now to find the blowout area what you want to do is if you're at sub 250 a day or sub 200 a day around this range right here you increase by double each day so i'm at 50 a day what i'm going to do is i'm going to scale based off of if i'm in e-commerce profitability roi because i'm going to see my my rois right away if i'm doing a webinar or a call funnel i'm going to scale based off cpl now i'm not going to optimize around cpl with my ads i'm just going to use cpl as a rough number if i see a good decent number right here i'm going to use that and then if i'm doing a call funnel what i'm eventually going to look for mainly is going to be cost per call and we can usually get the cost per call pretty quickly okay you could see like today i'm not scaled up too far with our ads we're only at like 2 000 bucks a day and i'm seeing my cost per calls coming in just fine okay so we can usually detect cost per call pretty early with a webinar funnel sometimes you're only going to get like one or two sales when you're in a testing period you have a two thousand dollar product or something like that so eventually the webinar funnel you're gonna wanna purely scale off of roi that's gonna be your end decision maker but i usually like to go off of the opt-in while not optimizing for the opt-in okay this opt-in is like basically if you have a video game store the opt-in would be people coming in to play the free demos okay the year old kids who come in completely broke to play demos all day aren't going to buy something we want to optimize by the people that actually buy the games and if we then go and see that the cpl is good for them then we want to go around that and usually you're going to do better not even optimizing for anything but i talked about that last video so let's go check that out so we're going to double up every single time we see a good result so i'm going to go 50 to 100 100 to 200 and then when i get about 200 i'm going to increase by 50 each day so 200 to 300. 300 to 450 okay then when i get to about 450 500 i'm gonna increase by 25 every single day so 500 to 600. and this depends this is not always an always absolute thing sometimes if the numbers look amazing i'll just bump it from like 500 to 800 500 to a thousand it depends okay if there's like zero resistance of scale because what you're going to see is your cpa whatever your key metric is going to be as you start to climb you're going to tell where the blow it is going to start to occur at because you're going to go from like 100 to 200 a day and then you go from a five dollar cpl to a seven dollar cpl sometimes you go to 100 to 250 a day and you go from like a five to like a four because it gets a bit more optimized you're like oh okay cool this is good maybe you go to 200 to 400 and it still stays at four to five dollars okay that's still good then you go from 400 to 800 and still stays you got a big audience and your message is working really well at that point okay so that's what we're looking for we're looking for that blowout point where it goes from being stable to blowing up the same thing happens on adwords and facebook check out our adwords youtube scaling course if you want to check that out and also if you want help with your ads and you just want to hop on a call with me and get a consultation i'll look at your ads tell you where you could be scaling a lot more there's a link to my mastermind consultation below you should you should check it out if anything we can hop in a call talk about your ads and how to scale now finally i want to talk about the things that allow you to scale much further besides that increasing of the bids so your first objective when you start this up is you want to get a lookalike audience of buyers this is pretty difficult to do if you're doing a call funnel or a webinar funnel which has a long click to sale time but if you have a lower ticket item like e-commerce you want to get to 100 sales as fast as possible so you can then go and make a look like audience because that's usually going to be your best audience but you want to make look-alike audiences based on all sorts of actions your opt-ins your abandoned carts if you're doing e-commerce your calls and those are usually what i'm going to operate around you don't want to make look-alike audiences based on visits because that's just wonky because a visitor isn't technically anything though you can sometimes do that but test it test the audience that's the first thing you really want to shoot for if you're doing a webinar make you look like audience based around opt-ins don't optimize for opt-ins but you can make a look-alike audience around them if you're doing the call funnel lookalike audience around your opt-ins and then your calls as soon as possible and then it's gonna take a while for webinar and call funnel but you want to then take your customers once you have 100 of them make it look like around that that's going to help you out a ton okay also when it comes to scaling with webinars and call funnels webinars is almost better you don't optimize for anything why because what's going to happen is if you optimize for opt-ins you optimize for freebie seekers you don't optimize for buyers call funnels i optimize for the call and not the opt-in ever in fact if you optimize for the opt-in you will get worse results and if you don't use any targeting uh or optimization period so don't do that that's my results you can go ahead and test it disprove me but i don't think i'll be wrong in that case in most instances next if you want to scale further you need to determine what your long-term best metrics are so sometimes if you're running an e-commerce funnel and you have a deep funnel where you have other products people come back and buy it's completely okay to scale while breaking even it's completely okay to scale while losing money for example i built a million dollar per month business while losing 20 percent up front on the ads then we would make it back for x over three to four months as payment plans and additional sales came in you have to look at everything in context and really the way that you're going to scale the furthest with your ads is once you get to about a thousand dollars a day on an audience you're going against people that really focus on the long term with their ads they're willing to lose money up front to make the money back three to four months later okay and the most profitable businesses they 10x their roi on their ads but they usually don't make much money up front okay for example click funnels one of the things russell brunson did is he didn't make much money on the ads he'd break even getting people buying and he'd get buyers into the business and then he would get them on click funnels where they get them reoccurring subscriptions and buy his mastermind and all sorts of other things okay so we'd actually lose money right here and so if you want to run your ads you need to understand you're going to be running against people like this and eventually when you get to a large scale this is who you're playing against and so you need to play a much more long-term game so it's completely okay if you're scaling to lose money as long as you understand why you're losing money and what's going on here so for example if i was losing money on that other ad set where i showed you where i was paying 500 a call that's not good that's not good scaling okay and i'm not going to find the number right here again that's not good now that i have my number super optimized and i've improved my message i can scale with that and if i'm get to the point where i'm breaking even with that funnel and that optimization that's fine because i'm getting tons of customers in tons of interest in building a massive retargeting list for hirose and when a customer comes in at high risk if i lose 100 percent up front so so let's say i get them on and this is just hypothetical numbers if i get them on 100 a month account and it costs me 200 to do that that's still wonderful because i'm going to be 800 profitable by the end of the year or more if we're actually doing real math and counting months about a thousand dollars profit and so you need to look at your long-term metric right there it's completely okay in e-commerce or even webinar funnels or call funnels to break even while gaining tons of people into your business and getting them indoctrinated and then you make money long term and that's really the biggest key i can give you for scaling is look at the long term numbers of the business and then play off those numbers because it's so easy to run ads that are 10x profitable over a year so easy to run ads like this it is so difficult to run ads that are three to four x profitable at scale constantly and i mean three to four x profitable cash so you spend ten dollars you make 40 back you spend ten thousand dollars you make 40 000 back okay this is super hard and trying to do this hamstrings you big time because you're going to constantly keep hitting a cap because you're hitting people that are okay spending ten thousand to make ten thousand but those people that spend ten thousand make ten thousand are usually going to make a hundred thousand off that ten thousand because they focus on the long-term funnel okay and usually what's more profitable is not going hambone the second person comes in your business it's getting the person indoctrinated the right way and then going hambone in the back end that's what everybody does okay so these are my best scaling and bidding and growth techniques guys this is the end of the course this is the end of the facebook series i don't have really anything that i can add to it this is basically everything i do um besides me literally just hopping over the shoulder and working with you on your ads by the way if you want that check out the link below in the description you can copy a free consultation with me we'll look at your ads how to grow if you're good fit for my mastermind too you can get invited to join that same exact thing with hieros again if you're running ads and trying to scale up ads with incorrect data i don't i don't know what to tell you okay if you take me being the ceo of hiroshima use something okay use wic reports use segment use something to track your ads nothing's as accurate as highers but if you just want to like take my bias out of it and just say no i'm going to do the opposite of what you tell me do use something because if you're scaling around wrong data and then feeding that data back to your ai and the whole entire thing it's just a mess you can go schedule a demo with us below we'll show you the tracking works show you where you can improve your ads by the way with 90 day guarantee on it so if you don't see results that allow you to scale further you don't pay for it so there's no risk to checking us out and booking a call worst thing that's going to happen is you'll be like oh okay maybe i'll get this in the future i'm not ready for this or you could just completely scale your ads in a whole other direction there's plenty of people that double and triple their businesses once they hop on the highrose that being said guys this has been the facebook course if you want more content like this as well check out our youtube course which is linked below as well it's again free and it's just as detailed as this if not more and i'm even better at youtube ads than i am facebook ads so i would check that out top that we have tons of ad content releasing all the time on this channel so subscribe so you can see that i release about two to three videos a week i just want to get a good facebook course going on here as the foundation of all the other stuff that we talk about on the channel so this has been alex becker thanks for watching check out some of the suggested videos after us i picked some cool ones that will also build on this course and give you some next level stuff i don't hold anything back in this channel because i want you to eventually scale and use hyrus so just stay tuned it's going to get even juicier i'll see in the next video [Music] [Applause] you

================================================================================
TITLE: 2021 Facebook Ad Targeting (ADVANCED) PT 3
VIDEO ID: UFAhebOBJbI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFAhebOBJbI
================================================================================

how's it going welcome back to the facebook advanced ad course where i show you everything i've done to scale business past six hundred thousand a month in revenue off of about a hundred thousand a month in ad spend in this video i'm going to be getting into advanced facebook ad targeting which is kind of ironic because if you understand how facebook ad targeting works you can actually scale it really far using chimpanzee level tactics but i'm going to show you the whole nine yards and everything i've used the scale also what i know just is working across the entire industry that being said i'm not going to waste your time because i hate when people waste my time so we're just going to hop straight into this ad targeting lesson i'll just show you everything we're doing and everything i think you should do this will at least help you get a little less confused about scaling ads and hopefully help you scale a metric ton because if you get this going from fifty dollars a day hundred dollars a day five hundred dollars a day a thousand dollars a day so on and so forth not too difficult okay guys so let's talk about facebook targeting and what facebook targeting is more of is less about knowing technical details and hoopla what i see people constantly they're trying to do to either sell their facebook ad services or just because they think this is how you should think about ads is they try to complicate everything they optimize down the demographics they have all these weird little habits like having 50 different ad sets targeting the same campaign the thing you need to understand about ads is that if you're having to get complicated you're being stupid and i'm not doing that to insult anybody that has a phd in complication of ads i'm doing it because that's just the truth because the thing is when you're complicating ads you're trying to make an ad that doesn't work work that's the first thing that's going on right there nobody just ever had an ad that was a home run was like you know what you need to do is make 50 different ad sets targeting the same audience so like the algorithm will like do this weird thing and that's not how it works okay i have ads that generate 10x rois and we have the most basic kindergarten targeting you could possibly imagine and the reason for that is because facebook ads are more about an understanding of how you're reaching the audiences the audiences you are reaching what's going on in the background and more so how the audience changes as you scale up that's the reason why most people get broken is because of a few bad understandings of the ad platform and if you have these understandings you don't have to do complicated stuff and the complicated stuff never works long term anyways so there's no point in doing it so first off the number one thing we need to focus on when it comes to understandings is what's happening okay so let's cover a few things first up how you want to be running facebook audiences is of course there's two types of audiences on facebook there's the interest targeting that you can target and the ad manager and we'll hop into the ad manager and i'll kind of break this down though this isn't a beginner's course okay so i'm not gonna be breaking under the first audience and stuff like that um and it's not interesting it's interest but there's interest-based targeting and then there's going to be look-alike audiences which you're going to be generating based off of the data you collect from people visiting your website opting in buying stuff and then there's also going to be your pixel and your conversion settings that you decide to target i'm going to give you a quick refresher basically what happens is when you run an ad and somebody hits your pixel let's say the person opts in what facebook is going to do is going to fill in that this opt-in looks like this type of person this person has this interest they manage this demographic they're this gender yada yada and it's going to feed the pixel this data and it's going to use that to say this is what this opt-in looks like and if you want to get more customers like it target people like this okay and so if i set the conversion setting inside of my ad to opt-ins and i've fed this pixel right here tons of people who have opted in it's going to then be far more efficient at finding opt-ins for me this type of targeting right here if you're using just a facebook pixel can turn into a whole bag of horribleness because what usually happens is if you don't have proper tracking on the ads and i'm not going to talk about high risk much in this video i promise to you but if you are tracking from ads first off the things that are usually easiest to track like opt-ins aren't actually the best thing to target and then two what is going to be happening is if you're targeting something like a sale a lot of times facebook is going to miss a lot of sales let's say it only catches six out of ten sales that come in and what's gonna happen is this four to ten sales that were missed it's gonna mark these as people it shouldn't target and then it's going to have all sorts of faulty data it's gonna avoid people that it should be targeting and you're just working with six out of 10 pixel optimization instead of 10 out of 10 which if you know how numbers work is usually better but the thing i'm trying to say right here is all these things combine together and we graduate and grow our targeting over time using these things this is what i like to call facebook graduating so what's gonna happen is let's just break this down in three phases just because the highest number i can count two is three when you first start off you're going to be using base audiences and your pixel is not going to be trained and i want to share one thing don't lose your mind over the pixel i've had ad accounts where i don't use any targeting or i use completely untrained pixel i get the same exact results the same exact results as a trained pixel so it varies but we're going to be using base audiences which are going to be interest audiences and i'm just going to refer them as base audiences for now because that's what i just use in my head now we're also going to have a bad pixel that's not trained and so really we're just going to send this fishing rod out into a cold pond of predetermined audiences for us so interest-based audiences would be you know what they are if you're watching this video in your advance if you're not go back in the kiddie pool okay but interest-based audience would be like people that like shopify or people that like tony robbins or something like that that's what they're interested in at least i'm not gonna explain everything that goes into audiences and interest though because again there's tons of kiddie pool videos on youtube this isn't a kiddie pool video now what we're going to do at this point in time is we're going to be feeding this pixel we're also going to be gathering data so let's imagine we're running a webinar in this situation we're writing anything where we have legion and we're sending people to an opt-in they put in their information they end up on a thank you page what we're then going to have is we're going to be able to build up an audience of let's say about 100 people and be able to create a look-alike audience and so then we can transition and graduate to tight look-alike audiences so this would be one percent look-alike audiences so people that facebook will go and generate an audience of a million people um who closely resemble these people that came in and so sometimes you want you can use a hundred people especially if it's buyers if it's opt-ins you probably want more but a hundred people is what you need to really make a decent lookalike audience again you're going to constantly want to be recreating look like audiences as you get more data as well because it's just common sense okay so what we're going to then do with this is again we'll have this one percent audience that looks like people to devops then people that bought our product and whatnot and primarily we'll start off with our weaker lookalike audiences and so that's why we specifically want to use this one percent setting right here because we want to be as close to this as possible but then we'll also have a trained up pixel that is a little bit more competent than this pixel right here and so our targeting will get better as we make it a little bit broader but still very targeted because it's like these this audience right here now what's going to then happen after a while is we're going to have tons of data we're going to have lots of buyers we're gonna have lots of phone calls we have lots of opt-ins and so we're gonna have a lot of data to make a lot of look-alike audiences and of course our best look-alike audience is going to be buyers in theory okay of course it's going to be our best in theory 50 of the time it's your best audience i guarantee it it will work at least 10 percent of the time it's the best thing ever all right so if you get my joke right there we're going to create audiences off of all these things and what we can then do as we train up our pixel to be more accurate is we make these two percent audiences and three percent audiences and two percent audiences and three percent audiences and once you get to three percent audiences you're dealing with audiences like five million people or somewhere around there three to five so that's more than enough for the goal of getting you to five thousand dollars a day ad spend with this video and as we do this of course the pixel is getting more and more data it's getting more data on what a buyer looks like or what an opt-in looks like or what a call looks like and we always really want to optimize for buyers and it depends on the business model you're in for example if you're an e-commerce you should have no problem optimizing for buyers if you're doing a call funnel you it's it's hard to optimize for buyers right away because you need lots of phone calls to finally do that if you're doing a webinar funnel uh or something with a longer call to se or click the sale we're still going to want to optimize for buyers because opt-ins are usually a really poor indicator of who's going to buy just who's going to opt in so people that opt in for free stuff are usually different than people to actually buy stuff so you're going to need to keep that in mind anyways what's going to happen is we can increase our look-alike audiences add more the pixel is going to get warmed up and we're gonna be able to increase the size of the audiences now what i want you to actually do as you do this is once you get to this point right here you should be actually making some pretty decent money and you should be testing this and being somewhat reckless with this so i mean once you get 100 people if you want to make a three percent audience and just go for it by all means do it part of being an advanced facebook ad runner is being willing to test things and lose a little money on some tests but eventually we're going to graduate three percent audiences we really don't even have to do this in some niches we don't have to go as proud like at highros we really don't need to go this broad and we're gonna have a really trained up okay and by the way the best way to train up a pixel to be way more accurate is again to use accurate tracking for example hirose and pass that data back to the pixel so the ai can be 10 times smarter because the facebook tracking isn't accurate i've proven like six other videos this is well known moving on this is what i mean by facebook graduating this is what i'm referred to in this video and that's the type of targeting you want to use now we can always use base audiences we can't always stick to our one percent audiences we can also use a three percent audiences you don't need to kill these things as you grow them either okay thing is base audiences can be somewhat hard to scale because they're a little bit less targeted but as your pixel gets more trained you can use all of these pretty efficiently okay but you're not gonna be able to jump straight into a three percent audience with an untrained pixel in theory you can try it and it's worked for me in the past but i just want you to know my train of thought now here's a much more important understanding this is why people do complicated stuff because they're stupid you have to understand that as your expand you have to understand this as you increase your ad spend your audiences expand so if i take an audience from 100 to a thousand dollars a day you have to understand with like a look-alike audience of one percent that's a million people you're not gonna you're not gonna cap that out you're not gonna be running in the ad fatigue with that unless you're spending a ton of money every single day especially when you get into three percent audiences of three to five million and what happens is people start scaling their ads they think they're hitting ad fatigue or some mystical beast is requiring them to do more complicated things because they're getting great uh conversion ratios and cost per sale or cost per opt-in at a hundred dollars a day and as they get to a thousand dollars a day on an ad set it all just goes to hell and what you need to understand is that when you're spending 100 a day 50 bucks a day on an ad set what is happening is facebook is going micro targeted with your audience and it's targeting people that are baby level easy to convert but as your ad spend grows if you want to scale you start targeting people that are more broad this is why you have to understand the market size and the type of product and offer you're making like i talked about in the past few months because if you want to scale at any level you can't live in the baby pool facebook you can live in the baby pool facebook and be very profitable but you'll never scale okay you're never going to have a giant business and that's because you're playing on easy mode right here you got to think about the difficulty to convert people as you scale this up an audience at 100 a day has nothing to do with an audience at a thousand dollars a day okay and then making 10 audiences at 100 a day is not a way to make an audience that's a thousand dollars a day that's not how you scale either that's just how you make things complicated and stupid because eventually these same people start getting the same ads over and over again and then like it starts branching out it just gets confused and it doesn't work okay so you have to understand that when you're going from a hundred a thousand dollars a day on an ad set or any type of ad spend you start seeing all your numbers start going up it's not a sign that you're hitting ad fatigue dude there's like a billion people on facebook there's five million people in your audience i spent nearly a thousand dollars yesterday on this ad set only reached 10 000 people reach-wise okay that's people skimming past it it's people skimming past it that's not a person actually sitting down and like looking at it it would take me literally two three ten thousand dollars a day to even be cracking any type of ad fatigue where a person sing the ad over and over and over again it's not happening to you that's happening and it's not happening what's happening is your ad sucks and it's not positioned in the market well enough this is why most people's ads die on youtube and facebook all the time inside of my ad mastermind iron whenever i'm working with people inside there they always think that their ads are hitting ad fatigue and it's not it's because they need to reposition their offer restructure their offer to work for a more broad audience or if you have a very high ticket offer make it more high ticket and work with these micro audiences because this is how you decide to make the big bucks with the micro audiences by having a very high ticket offer and sometimes audiences are not going to be this big okay they're not going to be this big and so you need to be able to work in this area right here so that's what you need to understand and what's happening right here as you're going up and doing this facebook is having to get more and more expanding with the people targets and thus your number is going to increase if your ads are not good enough if your offer is not positioned well that will also destroy it as well that's what's happening so what audiences do you start off with on facebook well there's two types of different targetings you're going to want to use there's going to be b2b and super high ticket call based targeting and there's going to be more mass market targeting which is going to be your e-commerce or mass-market info offers okay um and this is just what i've seen countless times again in my ad mastermind i just really give people my targetings that i'm using let people look over my shoulder but i'm just gonna do the best i can for you right here okay because i'm not gonna dig into my ad account and share that on youtube with tens of thousands of people so look mass market audiences you're going to want to target your competitors if you can find them on there so for example if you are selling a software that helps people with their businesses maybe use salesforce or something like that you're going to want to use similar brands so for example if you were selling like a make money online course you could use something like tony robbins okay so that's like that's not technically a competitor but he's in self-help so you could use that as a targeting you can also use tools people use that would represent their interests so for example a person's in the e-commerce you could target their interests as shopify okay so these are going to be the three ones that you want to use there's there's tons more you can use magazines and whatnot but this is really where you're going to get the best bang for your buck nine out of 10 times if you want to use other interest if you're watching this video you're not a kiddie pool marketer you're more than welcome to that's what i use your direct competitors similar brands that have like similar people in them and then the tools people use and that's what i use for mass market b2b is very similar it's very similar as in you can transfer these audiences over but one thing that also helps a whole lot is you start throwing in job titles or positions or their facebook page admin status okay so if you want to go in there and you throw everybody that has ceo owner entrepreneur ad manager in their job title you can easily do that in the job title targeting for b2b targeting and this will help you just a wee bit again i've had great success just transferring these over uh dodo version and using it for b2b as well but that also helps as well so i want to include it in there so what you do is you layer it with job titles positions and then you can also target people that own are admins of facebook groups and those are usually going to be people that might be entrepreneurs or business owners or something like that this is what works very very very well now do you want to go in there and play the demographics and whatnot usually the facebook optimization is going to handle that for you and as long as you're aware of the ad positioning that i talked about in the last video okay not running an ad that has a bad headline in the sidebar that doesn't work for sidebars you're going to do just fine this is what i'll use and then what we do so then the next thing we're going to want to do is we're going to want to set our pixel targeting and so here's where you're going to want here's what you're going to want to do for e-commerce or anything where you get a quick sale you want to just optimize it for the sale now for webinars and sales call funnels you want to split test it okay you should honestly just try optimizing for the call if you're doing a call funnel right away or the sale if you're doing a webinar funnel now here's the goofy wonky thing if i go and flip on my hi-ros data and again my job in in this video is not to push hiros on you i just i think it's absolutely crazy to be running a webinar or a call funnel especially or any type of funnel but especially those ones without proper tracking because you can see right here it literally does not catch the calls half the time you got a call coming in right here it didn't catch it got two calls coming in right here didn't catch it and more importantly we have sales coming in here and what i like to optimize for a lot of times is sales because the sale is what actually matters i can get tons of cheap calls but people who are cheap callers aren't people that routinely buy that's incredibly important when it comes to doing or tracking or optimizing any calls and it's nearly like facebook literally will not track sales for webinars or sales call funnels long term webinar funnels like good luck you'll catch like 30 50 of them call funnels you're not gonna catch any of them and so first off you want to pass this data back to facebook and optimize around this because obviously it's better to optimize around the two calls that came in instead of zero calls that were reported right here same thing going on right here that's gonna allow us to optimize better and have better pixel targeting on top of that we just won't literally kill ads that are literally generating calls for us i would have turned this ad off right here i would have turned this ad off right here and this ad literally generated me five thousand dollars for like 19 phone call i would have literally turned this ad off right here so not only would it make me make stupid decisions it's also optimizing around goofy data that isn't going to help me okay and you're going to run into the same exact thing with google ads as well and so it's very hard to optimize for calls and sales on any type of funnel with this type of data you're even going to see an e-commerce or short click to sale funnels okay and so i wanted to point that out you want to optimize for the call or sale on a webinar funnel or a call funnel because these are the people that actually buy people that opt-in are people that opt-in for free stuff okay that's like if you were selling cheese at a grocery store and you're optimizing for people to take free samples well people that take free samples aren't necessarily going to be the people that buy the cheese what you want to do is give free samples to people that are likely to buy the cheese that's how you optimize the free samples okay we could get like 50 cent opt-ins with people that have no chance of buying or calling same thing with e-commerce okay you can feed the data right back to your pixels well on facebook and you want to do that because again you're only going to catch like 70 of your sales in e-commerce usually that's what we see and if you have cross traffic going on with like google and organic stuff running oh my gosh all right so i'm just not even going to talk about that anymore because it frustrates me and if you're not doing that and you're running a serious ad funnel you're being an ad goblin okay just one of those crazy little things from lord of the rings it just has trash everywhere and it's just like eating bugs and stuff i don't know how to help you now then at that point we're going to try and get 100 of anything okay because the issue i brought up with optins doesn't apply to making a look-alike audience you could make a look-like audience of a hundred opt-ins okay so you make it look like audience of that at one percent or in e-commerce you can go make a look-alike audience of people that clicked your ad you can test that out look like audience out might not be the best one but you can definitely make a look like onto your first hundred sales once you have that you're really in a good spot in e-commerce and then we're just gonna keep going and keep making larger look-alike audiences based on all of our data so you're eventually gonna have a hundred opt-ins you're gonna have 100 calls you're gonna have 100 buyers so on and so forth you want to do that for either type of these so what we can do then is we make a one percent lookalike audience of our calls and then of our buyers and we can slowly just start upgrading these audiences to two percent and three percent especially as we start getting past like five hundred dollars a day on any of these audiences five hundred to a thousand dollars a day you're going to start hitting a little bit of pushback especially in info marketing e-commerce maybe not so much because you can go way broader with e-commerce on but same exact thing you would just want to make look-alike audiences of your buyers go one percent to two percent to three percent and then you can really start cracking out to the five or ten percent if you have a mass-market product and that's literally all you need to do i i told you this is kindergarten easy there isn't really that much to do after you understand what's going to be happening the main thing you need to look out for as as you start growing this when you go from 100 a day to a thousand dollars a day understand that these ads down here that are meant for a micro market and if they work for the micro market doesn't mean they're gonna work for the larger market when you get to a thousand dollars a day because again facebook has to go and expand what it's looking at this is one of the reasons why people have such trouble on youtube ads if you ever watch the youtube ads course uh that i've also released on here 100 free better than anything you can buy as well that's why most people get messed up in youtube whenever people come into our ad mastermind for youtube ads which if you're interested in that you can get details on that below i'll hop on a call with you and we can talk about your ads and what you've got going on and i'll help you out with that but more importantly when they come in the problem is there's no hundred dollars a day level at youtube okay you go straight into this thousand dollar a day blue ocean kind of thing and or ocean kind of thing and so you need to be able to make a broad ad right away and most people are so used to this area and facebook and they try and take this over here and it doesn't work but it's also the same thing that messes people up when they go on facebook ads because they try and take this type of ad and take it over here and they're like what's my targeting no it's not you can use look like audiences tell kingdom come so that being said guys that is what i use when it comes to facebook ad targeting two things look guys if you're watching this at this point i can't stress enough how important tracking is i made it very clear when it comes in terms of your ai and making scaling decisions so far i would really suggest that you go below if you're thinking about running ads seriously or you are running ads seriously and just book a high ros consultation if you do not see huge tracking results and make your ads more profitable and save you a ton of money and make your ai more optimized you literally do not pay no money okay there's we have a 90-day guarantee if people don't see results at scale their ads they don't pay so the worst thing that could happen if you go and book that consultation and come on the hi-ros your your ads stay where they're at right now the best thing that happened is you're suddenly like oh wait now i don't have to like make stupid ad and i will stop killing ads that are making me money and wasting money on ads that aren't and optimizing my ai off of goblin data on top of that if you would actually like help with your ads you'd like to see my actual ad targetings i'm using actually get guidance and whatnot go below and just book a consultation with me below and we will actually just go into your ad account and talk about how you can be scaling your type of offer uh primarily on facebook and youtube ads where youtube is a little bit of my speciality but as you can see i'm pretty damn confident in facebook as well and more so talk about how you can position your offer how you should structure your funnels and how you should really approach your market which is far more important to and youtube if you're interested in that just go below and schedule a consultation with me on top of that go and check out the hi-ros facebook group on facebook just go into the search bar type in hi-ros you should see hi-ros forum pop-up it has over 50 million dollars a month in media buyers in it meaning our members spend at least 50 million dollars a month combined on ads there is a qualification to join you have to be spending a significant amount of ad spend but if you can get in there it is the best group for media buyers online that being said also subscribe this video because we're not even done releasing this facebook course yet here on youtube it's 100 free i'm gonna be releasing the next one probably in the next few days so be sure to subscribe and i even included a few other videos after this video and there's also a link to our entire course that's on youtube as well if you're interested in learning that as well below this video so that's a lot of stuff but one of those things might interest you if not i'm sorry i couldn't be more alluring i'll see you in the next video [Music] [Applause]

================================================================================
TITLE: ADVANCED 2021 Facebook Ads Guide PT 2 : How To Write HIGH Converting Ad Copy
VIDEO ID: 3_sGzvFrTLg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_sGzvFrTLg
================================================================================

you welcome back to the facebook advanced ad course basically where i'm sharing everything i've done the scale business past six hundred thousand dollars per month of about a hundred thousand dollars a month in ad spend in this video i'm going to be getting into facebook ad copy basically everything i've learned about it and everything i think will work regardless of what niche you're in again you might be wondering why am i doing this well what i like to do whenever i nail down an ad platform i like to make a super advanced course in it just like our youtube ad course where i scale the business past a million dollars a month you should check that one out if you get bored too that being said i don't want to waste your time because i hate when people waste my time so just hop straight into it i want to show you what i think is the best ad copy and at least one of the highest performing ways to write your ads on facebook so uh all right everyone welcome back to the whiteboard of truth and justice it's ugly it's bad the presentation value is less than five dollars but this is basically where every major ad discovery in the history of man has ever been discovered so you're welcome this is what genius looks like i'm done making jokes let's actually talk about ad copy all right so look the first three things i want to teach you and the biggest thing about ad copy is actually not doing stupid things and i'm going to show you my three highest converting types of ad copy but they're not going to work if you do stupid things because if you do stupid things usually you get bad results and these are the stupid things i see chronically all right so here's stupid thing number one look at this sidebar ad right here legend london dot co it's got the shirt off what what and what gravy's name is going on right here what is this selling what is this doing rule number one the ad copy is it has to make some form of sense if you're putting ads up and they're going in the sidebar or they're going on instagram and parts of the ad are missing that are not missing on other parts of the ad for example this is obviously meant to run in the news feed they probably description or something with the ad what will make sense well if you're doing that that's stupid it's stupid as much as facebook is going to optimize your ads it's not going to out optimize stupidity this right here driving sales driving traffic but no sales we're in an ant techs get 300 credits i don't know what they're selling right here i don't know what they're selling right here and this is a tic tac ad tick talk ad tic tac tic tuck i don't you see the kids posting their faces and dances on there and i'm glad i'm not 15 anymore those people are terrifying anyways look check out the difference with this ad so check this out right here this is what's going to look like in the sidebar at least somewhat like that this added a drops add costs 52 in some case studies we have this guy holding this little chip so what's going on here is this the only way you should design your ads no no but i have ads that are specifically made for the sidebar i have ads that are specifically made for instagram because you're going to see dramatically different displays on different networks look at this right here there's no headline okay so this ad right here where you see this headline right here this big sexy headline that gets a juice it's not going to do as well on instagram because if you run ads in 2020 and you're not using ai tracking script you're at a huge disadvantage you cuts off if i want to run this on instagram i want to put a headline right here something that tells them what they're going to get if they click and then get everything before this more thing because we all know people on instagram they're not there to read all right they're there to look at kylie jenner's butt and so that being said you know you got to distract them from that thing okay so what you need to do is you need to go and really hit them hard with an instagram ad this wouldn't work well on instagram very very important you need to design your ads for the platform they're going to be on but you're going to think whoa to put the most possible place yes but you can get an absolutely great return if you optimize for instagram only and then you could really crush it not only in the news feed but then also on instagram and then also in the sidebar you can actually do fantastic in the sidebar area because everybody's ads look like this because everyone's a goof troop and tries to run the same exact ad on every single place ad copy 101 don't be a freaking idiot okay don't be a goof troop don't be a pressed ham next the goal of the ad is to click so what i see people trying to do is i see them try and make the sale and the ad so they have like a long winded video they have a long text and don't get me wrong there's a place in time and i'm sure you whoever you followed in ads is like what you want to do you want to write a story that convinces the person to change their life and no you you goof what you want to do is you want to get the person to click the damn ad so then you can actually grind on them because guess what's happening when a person is going through their news feed okay i have all my news feed blocked because i'm smart and i don't use social media but we're selling the people like you who watch social media videos i love you please keep using social media i need you to look at my ads but look when i'm going through my ads you can see this ad right here actually has a very long-winded copy it is it is a it is a storybook of why you should use ai tracking with your ads by the way you want to know why you should use ai tracking with your ads here's a bunch of call funnels okay so check this out i'm using hi-ros it's obviously as you know i'm the ceo of pyro some wee bit bias but i'm also this weird type of crazy person that actually likes to scale their ads based on accurate data because what happens if you scale your ads based on inaccurate data and in la la land data that isn't actually real you get la la land money which isn't isn't accepted at whole foods you can't spend it there okay so i like to work with real numbers so i can actually make real money you can see right here with the calls that came in right here first off hyrus caught seven calls you might be wondering was facebook agreed with the trucking is it just missing stuff i can go through and find every single little call that comes into my business and i can see every single click the person's done okay i can see this person i've been tracking them all this away since july to their click here on to their click here in october every single call that comes to my business is attributed not being said there's seven calls reported right here facebook reported 11 because it gives itself all sorts of wonky view through conversions and weird other conversions you can also see it here there's actually a call that came in right here facebook reported no nothing came in and then facebook isn't even able to track the call conversions on the phone and actual numbers if a person comes back and buys one two days later forget about it and then we're not even operating around profit which if you're running ads and you're not operating around your actual accurate roi you're a goblin i don't know what's going on stop doing it no matter ad copy is going to allow you to escape being irresponsible with your ad spend and not working off of accurate numbers and accurate data literally the same exact thing is going on in adwords if you go right here reported i got five calls actually had six report i had one i had two reported ad four i had seven if i'm going off this data right here i'm gonna be turning off my best ad sets and if you're doing that you're just goblin level ad running and you can have great copy but if you're turning off ads that are making you money or investing in ads that literally aren't making any money or getting you a bad cost per call or bad cost per sale dude stop it just stop you don't have to do that just book an analysis call with hyrus below and we'll just literally fix it for you in seconds but that being said getting back on topic the goal of an ad if you looked at that last ad i showed you i have this giant giant copy inside of it okay giant amount of copy but the goal is not to get someone to read or be sold on the ad the goal of the ad is to get them to click with intent and curiosity that's the goal a lot of people will say hey just get the click or a lot of people will try and sell it in the ad that's not what you want to do there because when a person is skimming through facebook they're at whole foods looking at your ad while also looking at a candy bar or they're walking around or they're sitting at their house watching pewdiepie i don't know but they're not in a phase where they can be actively convinced or sold to they can be curiosity peaked and you can start a trigger or a behavior train which is basically where the person clicks and out of curiosity and they're more likely to do the next thing and they're more likely the next thing if i have an ad right here that says click for cat pictures and a person clicks the ad they're not going to respond the way i want on the next page if i put something that says this add ai drops ad cost 52 which it does you should probably use it but the next thing i want them to do if i want to become a high-risk customer is that opt-in to watch a video on this so the next page they go to they're super interested in how this works so what then happens is this peaks their curiosity if they read the subscription right here they get primed to opt in i don't tell them the answer i don't tell them what they're going to get i make them go holy moly i really need to know what this is if i want to move forward in whatever i'm trying to do in my life and this heavily applies to the goal that's very important to me but i'm not selling them or convincing them to use tracking this ad i'm convincing them that they're at a big disadvantage if they're not using this thing i'm talking about then they click the ad and then they're more inclined to opt in and then behave the way i want them to that's what you want to do you don't want to get them to buy you don't want to convince them to change their life here you want to convince them that they need what is going to be on the other side of this page they need to take the next action and what i mean by need to take the next action is we don't say click this add to opt-in no they need to complete whatever happens next in page whatever it is because they're missing this thing in their life that's what you're trying to achieve with the ad copy finally what you need to understand about when you test ad copy is what facebook is going to do is it's not going to run your ads based on which one gets you the most sales and whatnot at least in theory sometimes it works out like that but what it's going to do is it's also going to look at a bunch of factors that don't really have to do with your sales like which one gets the best interaction rate and engagement right that's not always the one that gets you the best results when it comes to sales so what you want to do when you split test your ads is you want to go and make a testing campaign okay and what you want to do in each campaign is you want to have the same exact audience maybe put twenty dollars a day on each audience five ad sets targeting the same audience at 20 days then put five different ads across all those ad sets so if you have five ads one ad in each ad set that is a tongue twister but what you should have is five ad sets and one ad in each ad set that's different and that's how you split test it because it's going to show you your best opt-in rate and your best metrics and that's going to tell you which ad is working the best these are just three fundamental things that people mess up and when you mess these things up you're doing stupid things and you're not going to have good ad results and i want you to have good ad results so that when you scale your ads and you're making a ton of money you're like well i'm losing a ton of money because i'm not tracking my ads right maybe i should use hiros stop being a goblin so let's talk about my three types of ads that i basically run so the first type of ad copy that i run is actually quite simple it's called the peak and click so what i'm going to do right here is i'm going to use curiosity peaking images so check out this image right here these are very simple ads and what i'm going to do is i'm going to try to run ads that look native like a news source so you can see right here this ad ii drops ad costs 52 in some case studies and i have a picture of this woman with tattoos and i have this little chip right here and so what i find works exceptionally well is when you have someone holding something that's weird or you have something that looks weird and is unexplained a lot of people put pictures of like liver or like they used to one thing that used to kill on facebook is people put pictures of like raw eggs and like funny formations and people like what is that now that is spammy you want to have something that ties into this and looks like something someone would put on a new site if you have a picture of yourself next to you in a suit holding crossing your arms no you look like a goober who's trying to sell something on facebook if you have this picture right here it looks like something interesting is happening in the world of technology with combo this with this headline it seems like hmm if you don't read this you're going to be missing out in the world of technology and so what i want to do with these types of ads right here is i want to pique their interest and trigger fomo specifically that's one of my biggest strategies when it comes to anything i'm selling you want to make people particularly feel like they're missing out if they don't know what's going on combine it with the image it catches their attention and a headline that makes them feel like that you're going to get the click now remember you can't just put something like hey people that don't eat this foods head explode all right you'll get a lot of clicks but it doesn't make any sense what's going to happen on the next page it has to relate in what you're doing i'm selling technology and tracking so i want people who are interested in their ads interested in their ad cost to feel like they're missing out and they're not on the cutting edge of technology this gets them to come on to the next page and fomo triggers them and gets them to opt in and go through the rest of the sales funnel fomo is the most powerful thing you can use when you're writing very quick gimmick ads like this i get a click that's relevant because again the criteria is right here ad ai drops ad costs no person who's interested in losing weight is going to click this ad people that are interested in saving money on their ads right away they're going to click this ad because they feel like they're missing out this is the first type of ad copy okay and the most important thing to understand about facebook ad copy as well is i really don't care what's below this fold right here i know some people that will preach and they write their life biography right here most people are going to read this part of the ad they're going to read this part of the ad and they're going to look at the image and click okay so it's very important that you get all your message in before the see more part right here you want to put it in mobile variation and i go and always end it with a here's why or keep reading at this point because yeah this is some good copy right here however the key to it is if you run ads in 2020 you're not using ai tracking scripts you're simply at a huge disadvantage people want to know more i want to see what's going on here so the next type of ad right here is more of a traditional ad something you're probably used to and seeing in the internet marketing world this ad right here which hannaf mohadi absolutely hates you can see the angry emoji right here so here's how you make good video ads make sure the thumbnail i'm using the same exact strategy with the image ad i showed you people like what's going on right here and i put this ai script as the biggest edge in page ads people want to know what's going on right here okay again when you're running video ads make sure to put captions on because people don't turn on sound they just sit there like a brain dead goblin and they read the text i do the same thing i'm a goblin in every four in my life all right so i don't expect other people not to be so what's going to go on in this ad right here is again it's just straight up fomo and what you want to do on videos is a lot of people for example i saw this one person let's just say selling like a youtube or ad consulting course or something like that the person in the video makes this huge case that youtube or facebook ads or their ad strategy the new way to go things are changing like look at my ad manager these are the strategies they're working in 2020 that's not what i want to achieve i want the person to click the ad and go man this guy has something that i need really badly and i want to get them the knee jerk do what i want them to do on the next page and so what i have right here is i'm not telling them about how tracking changes the world or how it's going to improve their scale or how that they're going to see more accurate data in their ad managers it's too much for them to comprehend what i tell them is if you click on the next page i'm going to give you a script that's going to help you save 52 on your ads they click on the next page it says how we use print tracking and ai to save 52 percent of our ads opt-in people go okay that's what i came for that's the thing that their interest they opt in and then they see a sales video that actually does the grinding and the working on explains how sales tracking scripts combined with ai actually do save money on ads and i'm able to actually lay out and hit them with a message because they're not scrolling through instagram they're not scrolling through youtube anymore so what you want to do when you're running these types of video ads especially when you're doing info marketing you want to find the one thing people really care about and what people really care about when it comes to tracking is instantly getting customers much cheaper and so the whole entire ad focuses on if you pay attention to what i'm saying i will give you this thing that gives you that exact result that you want to get and the reason why this result works is because tons of other people say it works look at all these other people that have gotten this result and if you click this ad i will give you the same exact thing that got these people to result okay so that's the format that i use over and over again with my video make sure you have a big enticing headline that matches that strategy i talked about the images go straight into it say look this thing is getting this result that's super important to you and if you don't have this you're missing out you're spending way more money than you should you're doing this x y z thing that causes pain i know this sounds ridiculous but here's tons of other people that have gotten the same exact result and if you click this ad i will give you this exact thing and show you exactly how to use it to get this result click this ad leaves a person with one thing in mind they have the key result that they want which is all you can hook them on you're not going to sell them on a new theory of life they click on the ad they have massive curiosity and they're inclined to do what you want them to do on the next page i want them to opt in so i can really work on them retargeting wise because that's a whole other video you should check out my retargeting video on this channel because that's a whole other beast of a game but that's what i'm trying to do with this type of ad the final type of ad that i like to run is a specific type of retargeting ad and i just want to show you because it's important so when i run retargeting ads again watch my retargeting video on this channel because there's like a zillion other things that i do but one of the things i find is super useful as i make funny retargeting ads why because when people see retargeting ads that they don't care most retargeting ads are like you sitting in there saying like hey you watched my video training and you should be interested in my thing why did you leave i'm so mad and if you want to schedule they didn't schedule call because they didn't like you in the first place okay they didn't they weren't interested and approaching them with like another straight up repeat of what you just said works retargeting wise but if you want to make it better i make funny ads okay i make funny ads that catch your attention make them laugh a little bit and then say hey come on back because we're not trying to convince them to do something again we're trying to get their attention and get them to come back best way to get someone's attention is give them something funny people like reading funny things and so i have all sorts of goofy goofy ads would i retarget people with like mecha reagan raven finds your lack of tracking disturbing people go what's that oh that's that brand with that tracking thing and they're like you know they do get results and then they come on back and then i can work on them again through a sales video we don't want to resell them right here because again you cannot sell to someone who's already on facebook they're doing other things and there's like 16 other things literally scientifically designed to get their attention why would you ever try to make your sales pitch when when the person's being distracted that's like literally trying to go on a date with a girl well there's like 16 other guys all like throwing roses in her face and buying her our drink and then there's just like a chimpanzee screaming in her ear you're probably not it's probably not the next best way to meet your wife that's what i'm trying to say so tip if you're going on hinge or bumble dates try to do it in a room where there isn't 16 other gentleman suitors and by all means avoid that monkey okay that'll lead to a really awkward date and that will probably be feces thrown so that is the lesson for today guys if you like these lessons subscribe to this channel because i'm completing this facebook series and i'm releasing a new video almost every two to three days on this two track your ads you should do it if you're scaling your ads at all and you want to set up that tracking i showed you early video go below this video just track a consultation we'll show you exactly how it works show you where you're losing a ton of money in your ads show you where you can scale and the way high-risk works is if you don't see the results that help you scale make a lot more money you don't pay so you should check it out because the worst thing that could happen is you stop running goblin ads and actually run with accurate data finally if you're interested in that ad mastermind i talked about you can book a call with me below i'll go through your ads we'll analyze your ads look at them i'll show you where you can probably grow the type of funnels you should be running the targeting you should be using and how to tweak your offers absolute crushing on facebook and youtube yeah again this is for both these are for super experienced business owners if you're a complete beginner use this course okay use this course if you're not making twenty thousand a month you're not spending ten fifteen thousand a month at least on ads don't go don't don't do those things it's not for beginners it's not some quick way to make money online that also being said go to facebook look for the hiroz facebook group just type hyrus in and if you spend money on ads a significant amount of money you can join the group we have over 50 million dollars a month in media buying spent across all our members on there because we require people to come in and actually be media buyers best ad group you're going to find online because we actually have people that actually spend money on ads that being said stay tuned i'm going to be releasing the next video here in a few days subscribe so you see that because if you miss it it's a good one it's gonna be a doozy i'm going through all my targeting and all the targeting you should be using when you're about to start up and when you're about to scale so stay tuned for that and i'll see in the next video [Music] [Applause]

================================================================================
TITLE: These 3 Offers DOMINATE Facebook ADs
VIDEO ID: 5G9kq5_hlDQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5G9kq5_hlDQ
================================================================================

look this is simple i'm just going to show you what you should be selling on facebook and youtube ads right now now look being the ceo of hiros it allows me to see exactly what's working across entire industries across entire ad platforms now let's back up for a second yes we are tracking literally almost hundreds of millions of dollars a month in product sales that being said i'm never going to share any exact tactics or strategies or what my clients are doing on there i'm never going to say oh this is what so-and-so is doing you should just copy this what i am able to share with you though and what i am comfortable sharing is what i see industry trend wise working and when it comes to facebook ads when it comes to youtube ads there's very particular set of funnels there's a very particular style of offers they're just working very very well and the reason i feel comfortable sharing this with you is you can easily see this on facebook and youtube you just don't know which ones are working and which ones are not there's a whole range of junk you're being shown on these platforms and if you understand what is converting really well right here what type of pricing what type of funnels are working you're gonna absolutely kill it you're gonna absolutely crush it this because people that get this they're doing very well so i think it's probably gonna be one of the most useful videos i share in this channel so without further ado we're just gonna hop into this all right guys so let's just let's just get into this there's three types of offers they're killing it right now the first type of offer that i see absolutely nuking it right now is call funnel offers for products that are above eight thousand dollars in the info marketing space two specific b2b industries let me explain this so ignore my chicken scratch though so what does it call funnel first off i'm gonna get into this in the next video where i get into the best funnels and i break them down and i'm going to explain every part of them but a call funnel for lack of better words is this we send people this is an example of a funnel that i'm running ads from for hirose and a person lands on this page from a facebook or youtube ad they enter their email and then get taken to a page with a simple sales video uh making an offer and i'll explain this more specifically here in a moment but i just want to show you because the person lands on this page they see the sales video they see that we got like basically every big person on planet earth using hieros for tracking their ad optimization and then they come down here and they book call okay so this is essentially how we've been growing high road slots one of the ways we've created one of the fastest growing tracking companies actually i think the fastest growing in the world right now that being said that's not what i'm telling you to make here i'm not saying make a sas company okay because i want to talk about offers that you can readily get accessible to though i think right now one of the biggest opportunities in sas marketing is having a high ticket sas software sold through a call funnel but this is what i'm seeing right here more so info products and done-for-you service products to specific industries now i'm not mentioning any industries that i've seen in highrose i'm just giving generic examples out there for example thinking about dental offices surgeons roofing contractors hair salons these type of offers to brick and mortar businesses where you can give them strategies and ways to increase their sales i've seen working like crazy and what i mean by crazy is when i look at and i go to masterminds or i go to ad conferences or i look at the trends across the entire ad industry what i'm seeing in this is this is usually the ads that are generating the highest roi i'm talking people putting in three thousand dollars and making i don't know 30 to 40 000 back i see that very consistently these 10x juicy rois and so if you're thinking about starting a business are you thinking about scaling up your business you're thinking about ways to grow it this type of funnel right here and this type of offer to specific brick and mortar b2b businesses absolutely super duper duper juicy right here the one thing i got to stress is that when you're running a funnel like this the first thing you got to do especially if you have multiple different traffic sources coming in just in general you can see right here if i'm going and using highrose tracking right here you can see the amount of calls that are actually reported by facebook and what actually comes into your business is wildly different because of view throughs and repeated pixel loadings and double pixeling of a person multiple traffic sources taking credit organic sources actually generating the sale and facebook not joining our sale just goes on and on and on that being said you can see alright right here i've tracked three calls right here reported two there were six calls right here reported eight i tracked seven right here at reported four and if i go in the highest and actually look at my calls coming in i don't have calls not being attributed i can go in and look at a call and see every single ad they've clicked in fact this person clicked last year in october and they didn't book a call until this month almost a year later and so i tracked all of that so i'm seeing all that and i need to use that accurate data a lot of people that are running call funnels right now they're not using accurate data so they're getting really weird cost per call and then even worse when they're running their ads they're not operating based on profit because you can't track call closes very well on facebook right now at all you can see right here in the report column what facebook caught nothing because it just can't track that and so running a call funnel without being able to track the calls accurately and the money coming in because sometimes you can have a ton of good calls a good call cost per call but it's not generating any money that's bad okay you don't pay for calls aren't generating money if you're not tracking those things you're going to have a really wonky call funnel i'll just leave it at that but if you can do that you're in a juicy spot right now now the next type of offer that's working exceptionally well that i've seen is webinar offers to odd side hustles okay so what does this mean this is another info product i'm going to get into an e-commerce product here in a second i think it's working really really well but webinar offers where you're selling something for the price of 497 to 997 that doesn't take a specific make money online model you might see people offering amazon fba and like tai lopez courses and whatnot i don't think that really works very well anymore what i think works absolute best is having an offer from 497 to 987 to 2 000 this sold via a webinar funnel outside of the make money online space so if you're a make money online person you probably you can still do this it works exceptionally well but if you want to be seeing like eight 10x rois what you want to be doing is what i see people doing is they're offering side hustles so i'm just gonna make something up here like for example if you could make extra money selling juice or something like that or extra money learning how to start your own side makeup artist business what people are looking for online it's working really really well right now is finding ways to make little side hustles to make an extra 100 300 500 bucks a month people don't want to start fully fledged businesses for example i'm comfortable talking about this i saw like dr axe offering some offer who was talking about how to become a licensed ascension essential oil consultant whatever that is those type of offers killing it right now those are what that's what people really want to buy in the info space if you're selling information and so what a webinar funnel is is you have an opt-in you send people to maybe an hour-long presentation that ends with an offer for a 497 product to a 2 000 product but usually what i'm seeing best is like 497 to 9.97 okay that's what i see working just across the entire industry in mastermind and ad events and whatnot and you might be wondering first off two questions one why why are we only doing high ticket stuff right now it's because simply put high ticket works better because if it's much easier to get three people out of a hundred to buy a thousand dollar product than it is to get thirty people out of a hundred to buy a hundred dollar product that's just how the numbers work out usually you're going to have three people that are hyper interested six people 10 people it's very hard to get 30 percent of people that come through a funnel they'll all spend a hundred dollars it's much easier to get three of them to each spend a thousand dollars and so the reason why you want to do high tick is it simply works so much better so let's simply imagine we're paying two dollars to get a person to sign up for a webinar and we got a thousand people to sign up all right so we got or we had to spend two thousand dollars now if we can just get three of those people to spend a thousand dollars we're at a three thousand dollar revenue one thousand dollar profit kind of situation now same situation if we're selling a hundred dollar product and we got 10 of people to buy which is extremely hard to do okay let's just see even 20 percent of people we got 20 of people to buy we're at 2 000 revenue and a no money situation just by simply playing with these numbers right here and by the way getting a 20 conversion rate on that that's toasty that's that's really hard to do getting a three percent conversion rate on an ad isn't really that hard even at the higher tickets okay so that's why i see on sleep see people in my ad mastermind the vast majority of them run webinars and the ones that have gone from like i don't know 20k a month i saw one of them go to 400k a month literally using that type of strategy going purely high ticket that's like the big change when they suddenly stop selling stuff for a hundred dollars and then go and start selling it for one thousand to two thousand dollars and again these are people that have experience with that this isn't some beginner stuff and a lot of the reason why they're able to do is they just literally go and copy all the ad copying funnels that i use to scale my my info product actual webinar to eight figures and so just go and copy that but it's not about copying it it's not about the mass running of that junk right there i'm just saying that the big thing that helped me a lot was increasing at the high ticket and then running that type of webinar funnel specifically out of where webinar funnels are being ran right now for example in the make money online niche people they're running them everywhere that's why it's very hard to make like more than a two to three x ro on your ads when you break outside of this niche and start selling other type of products like that works super duper well finally the last funnel i've seen and this is just a general business i'm aware of that i actually saw us working with and i started seeing it everywhere else is extremely high ticket e-commerce so a lot of people in e-commerce they're working with like low-ticket items or 27 to 29 to 100 that's like the cap that i see a lot of times what i'm seeing in e-commerce that absolutely crushes it is 20 thousand dollar-ish products plus absolutely crushes and the funnels that i'm seeing it's so comical because the thing is people don't go shopping let's just say for example for solar panels they don't go to a solar panel store they browse around online and the thing is you can almost exclusively have a lockdown on these type of offers if you run them online and the thing is you don't have to have a complicated funnel because a lot of people are already looking for these offers for example i'm in the market right now for an infrared sauna and it's expensive it's like 10 grand i'm not gonna where am i going to go shop for this for brick and mortar i'm exclusively going to look for it online and the thing is it's not going to take a lot for me to book a call i just need a good general sales page and this is where it's really fun to me because a lot of these e-commerce businesses they're just sending people just strictly to a sales page there's there's not a call funnel there's no opt-in or anything going on they just have information that talks about the product and then hey you got to book a call with us there's no price or anything at that this right here just simple ad talking about the benefits of the product a simple sales page doing that and then just offering a sales call funnel at the bottom this is generating some of the most comical products that i'm seeing from ads right now because you have an exclusive iron-clad lockdown on this market right here and the people don't need to be sold as much as if you're selling info products which is what a lot of people are trying to do with high-ticket phone calls or for done-for-you services right now a person knows if they want for example solar panels person knows that they want an infrared sauna okay you don't have to go too far out of your way to convince people to do this especially when they're watching all the benefits on you you can literally just go to youtube right now and target people that are watching for example solar panel videos you can target people that are watching infrared sauna videos they're so easy to target and they're already pre-sold by what's on youtube so it blows my mind this right here is this is the nuclear bomb right here so these are the three types of offers that are killing it right now my big suggestion to you look in the high ticket again like i showed you before i'm just looking at my higher horse mad manager with my extension and right now you're going to see the call volumes on a lot of these different funnels are radically different than what's actually coming in especially when you go and actually track your ltv of your ads so for like example i can come in here and say how much is this call worth to me and you saw before it takes almost a year for a person to book a phone call and in some examples so i need to know the long-term ltv of people that put calls with us so as you can see right here i make 750 dollars after six months from every single phone call and so we're usually paying like 150 200 bucks per call and so if i'm looking at the face value of the funnel it's not too great over six months it's ridiculous though and so this is really how i run my business if you want help setting up tracking like this just schedule consultation with us below at hiros and we'll literally just look in your ad account find where all the waste is and all the bad data is if you have it and then we can just set it up for you and on top of that if you want to get on that mastermind i mentioned before we don't just let anybody in but if you want to get an analysis of your ads and have me actually hop on a call with you review your ads point out what type of funnel you should be running what type of targeting you should be using basically giving you all the copy and whatnot that i talked about that i've given to other people just go and book a consultation with me below and we can hop on and do that that being said hopefully enjoyed this free content today if you want to see more content like this subscribe to the channel and also go to facebook and just search for the hi-ros facebook group we have a qualification process to get in but if you pass a qualification process there's over 50 million a month in ad spend from our media buyers in that group meaning that if you combine everyone together that's how much you're all spending it is a treasure trove of actual ad running knowledge so go check out those things i also put some videos at the end of the video for you and if you have any questions go one post in the comment section below on youtube and i try within the first 24 hours answer questions so that's it i'll see you next video you

================================================================================
TITLE: 2021's #1 Killers Of Facebook Ad ROI
VIDEO ID: 4ySQQ-ovDCg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ySQQ-ovDCg
================================================================================

this video is going to cover why your facebook ads stop working and why they stop scaling and why when you always get to a certain point or after a certain amount of time they suddenly get more expensive or you suddenly can't scale any further look at highrose i see all the data coming in through all sorts of businesses through their ads and whatnot well i will never share any of that i can show you most of the time why ads are not growing more importantly i can identify from my own experience of growing multiple businesses past eight figures with ads working with businesses doing that there's usually about four things that happen that are the reason why ad stops scaling and it has nothing to do with the ad targeting it has nothing to do with the ad copy it has nothing to do even with the funnel has an understanding of how the ads are working with the audiences on facebook and if you understand this well this is how you take your ads from struggling the past two thousand dollars a day an ad spend to going well past five thousand ten thousand dollars a day this works also on google this works on facebook this works on pinterest ads it doesn't matter it's the same concept across all of them and that's what i'll show you today from my personal experience and from all my experience with working with so many different clients and tracking at house now you're probably wondering alex why are you telling me this why are you giving me all this information it's simple i want you to scale your ads because when you scale your ads up and make more money you're going to need to track it to keep scaling further and when you get to that point you're probably gonna think hmm that ceo at hyrus he helped me out maybe i'll track my ads with hiros because that will help me make a lot more revenue and save a ton of money so i can scale more efficiently that's all so i want you to get to that point so maybe you'll track with us that being said let's hop into it i want to show you these four things because if you can just nail these down this is going to reverse the whole entire rubik's cube puzzle that is facebook ads youtube ads and allow you to scale well infinitely higher okay guys so unlike our other trains which you can also see all over the channel like last week i showed a bunch of different hacks will just immediately increase your facebook ad roi and even on youtube as well a lot of those trainings were in the ad manager we're getting pretty in-depth today is more about an understanding of what's going on with targeting see what most people do when they're trying to scale their ads is they think the secret to why their ads are not making money is the targeting and this is just the furthest thing from the truth targeting is the easy part of ads if you are your ads are not working it's not because you're not using targeting right it's because you're not understanding how the targeting works and what you should be selling to specific targetings and at scale how you should be selling to large groups of people or smaller groups of people or certain markets it's a complete misunderstanding of market size and what the market should be being sold that's usually why people's ads die for example inside of my youtube and facebook ad consulting program iron i'm constantly sharing all my split tests my exact targeting my funnels everything has been working for my business and i'm not trying to push this to you here what i'm trying to tell you is that when i see people come in the program and triple forex their businesses 5x their businesses and again this is people that are actual business owners they're actually running ads these are not beginners coming in and blowing up a business i want to be very clear there but when people come in there it's almost never targeting i give people my exact targeting which isn't that complicated and their business takes off and grows not because of the ad target it grows because they position the right offer to the right market and the right broadness of targeting so targeting is never going to be your solution that is something that ad gurus are going to tell you because they want you to think it's some complicated solution you'll never understand it's never the targeting i spent i've scaled my ads to 25 000 a day on youtube i've skilled fifteen thousand dollars a day on facebook and it's been done using the most simplest targeting look-alike audiences on facebook the word money the word money on youtube worked exceptionally well for me at chimpanzee can do that level of targeting what a chimpanzee cannot do is what i'm about to show you right here see whenever you're selling to a marketplace there's four different levels in the marketplace especially when it comes to bdb which is what most people watching this channel sell but this applies ecommerce supplies anything so let's imagine this marketplace right here is 10 000 people and we're selling real estate coaching we're showing people how to make money in real estate just an easy niche for me to explain it in i actively don't do this niche or anything like that but it's the same across every niche out there so you have to understand that the first layer of this audience is a very very small layer of people that are actually making money and are actively participating in real estate and making anywhere from 50 to anywhere actually any amount of money in real estate okay out of all the people inside this entire marketplace there's probably about 200 of these people and this 10 000. next the next layer of people is people that actively want to start doing real estate they might be making a little bit of money but not fifty thousand or just sort of getting into and they they've chosen like i want to do real estate i want to do some real estate marketing this would only be maybe another 500 people and so if we're looking at the true b2b potential of this marketplace right here it's extremely small and i'll get into why this is important here in a second but if we look at the rest of the marketplace the next audience size right here is people that just want to start a business they're committed to actually going and becoming entrepreneurs and making their own business and so this might be another 2 000 people in the marketplace and in the final rest of the marketplace right here the about i don't know 7 000 rest of them are people that just simply want more money these are people who want more money and so what happens here's where most people get crushed and this applies to any business that's out there if you don't get this gap this is why you get messed up is people try and take this offer right and sell it to these people right here when you're trying to scale up and go broad you're going to quickly get into this area because if you're spending ten thousand bucks a day there is not enough people who are actively making money in real estate for ten thousand dollars a day an ad spend to be deployed it's just not you're going to have to separate across many different platforms and many different different promotional methods and so this doesn't work right here and this is why most people ads die because they go and take this off right here they position it pretty cheaply like one thousand to two thousand dollars and then they try and scale it and sell it to a mass market that doesn't work or what they try and do is they try and take a mass market product about making more money in real estate in general and sell it to a person that is already making substantial money in real estate they don't want to buy that they want to buy the next thing up and so what happens is people either try and take a 1 000 to 2 000 offer that's designed for this marketplace and bring it to these people well there's not enough people in this marketplace right here to support that if i sold you would run out of all 200 of these people very quickly the same thing happens on facebook and youtube ads on the flip side you can't take this offer right here which is ten thousand dollars and sell to this marketplace right here and on the flip side this offer right here which would be if we were making an offer specifically for these people would be how to grow your real estate business that you're already making money in won't work in this marketplace right here and this is where most people's ads die because they try and take this offer this marketplace this marketplace to this marketplace it doesn't work like that you need to say who am i targeting am i targeting b2b which is people that are actively involved in something or am i targeting people with more base needs am i targeting the mass market and you need to understand that that's who you're selling to and you're not selling anybody else this is the number one reason why ads die because what happens when you first start up your ads your ads are very micro targeted and this works great if you're in b2b where there's a micro audience for example people that actually actively own a dental office but the problem is with micro targeting there's not enough traffic to actively support massive skill so you have to sell very expensive offers an offer that's five thousand ten thousand twenty five thousand dollars because then you can scale that you either have to have a really deep backend or a very expensive offer this is where most people make a lot of money doing this because if you understand the audience is small you can stick to micro targeting and you don't have to scale very far to make a lot of money as soon as you start scaling out on facebook as soon as you start getting past a thousand two thousand dollars per day you start branching off into a very broad audience of people these are people with very base simple needs and you need to understand that a lot of people will try and take a middle ground offer that plays to both audiences at the same time and scale that and it won't work because the middle ground offer is not expensive enough to be supported by the micro audiences but it's also not positioned well enough to work with the base audiences for example the base audiences don't want a real estate course they want a way to make money quickly without effort and this applies to anything weight loss home improvement whatever okay you get from people that just want a push button solution you need to be convinced to get started on a path whereas you have people that are already far down the path you need to sell them completely different things at completely different price points and so what happens right here is when people go and they usually start with their base offers or base offers they sell a 1 000 to 2 000 offer that works at these micro audiences but won't scale because they can't make enough money at the micro audiences and so they try and scale it large they try and scale it to a mass audience and it doesn't work because the mass audience doesn't want to buy that and then the the micro audience also doesn't want to buy it either so they end up in this weird limbo where their ads don't make an roi and so that's the first thing you need to understand who am i going to sell to and what is my scale going to look like for example at harvest our ads are extremely profitable but we're not scaled very far because we target ad runners that's a very small audience sometimes the audience and marketplace you're selling to isn't that large and so you need to focus on instead making exxon offers that you can charge extremely high prices for and so that's the biggest mistake i see number one but the next thing i also see is not understanding how other your competitors back ends work so with a lot of times with your ads let's say you're running a funnel that requires you to pay ten dollars for a person to come in well as you scale up the increase or the the because of the broadness of your targeting the amount you're gonna have to pay is going to increase you're gonna get from ten dollars to fifteen dollars to 20 eventually that's gonna become too much for you and the reason why is because the person that's making this get up to twenty dollars like somebody's willing to pay that amount for the lead is probably one of your competitors as a super deep back-end so for example the time in my consulting group iron what i'll see all the time is i'm going to see people they start seeing their cpl going up they're cost to get a lead in and then they just can't do it anymore and they're like how do i how do i make this work and their funnel and everything is optimized they've copied everything i've done we've shared we've gone into everything they're doing it's just not going to happen so the way that they actually make this work is you need to go and say okay cool i got a i got a 2 000 off right here we need to have a deeper backend because for example if you look at any of the largest businesses in any space you look at the real estate coaching space you look at the e-commerce space you look in weight loss pace doesn't matter the largest businesses usually don't make money on their front end they usually lose money getting a customer in the door for example i was looking at a huge self-help guru and he spends about three months of what a customer spends to get him in the door so that means if a customer on average when they opt in spends 30 dollars with them over three months that's how much he spends so he loses 30 up front so what you need to understand is that when you're doing this the number one way to make sure your ads actually scale further is you need to find a way to make it so that if you are getting a lead in and you used to be able to only pay ten dollars per lead you need to make it so you can pay thirty dollars per lead that's how you scale you don't focus on the targeting and i know this chicken scratch looks nice but don't focus on the targeting you can only do so well with the targeting and once you understand that concept i showed you before your targeting is going to be pretty simple and good to go what you want to do is you need to make sure that you can afford to pay more per lead and that's by getting people to spend more over a month two months five months 10 months and the only way you can do that is you actively have to track it which just allows me to segment into the next thing you need to know just straight up if i go look at some of our high-risk tracking results right here and i look at last click you're going to consistently see when you just use ad manager tracking you're not going to get the accurate data that's coming in you need to be using print tracking there's just not enough points of there's not enough touch points for them to actively track anything to the point you need to once you're at scale you can see right here for example we only had seven calls well reported 11 calls and there was actually no sales from this and you can see right here i reported one call when there was actually two calls and there's actually a mass amount of profit from this and so i'm going to scale around these things you can even see right here reports six calls when there's three report eight calls when there is five and i can go into my back end and hirose and i can look at the sources for every single one of my calls none of my calls are not getting attributed okay and this is chronic when you have multiple traffic sources chronic when you have organic traffic this is chronic when you're doing social media every single one of my calls right here is being attributed there's not some bogus calls that are being tracked by facebook and then not being tracked by us we literally have the exact county call sheet plugged into here and so you need to know the true source of where your calls are coming from you know the true source where your leads are coming from and you you need to know and you need to know the true source of where your sales are coming from this applies to e-commerce webinars and whatnot and again i'm just showing you very quickly over my shoulder and my job is not to push harus on you in this video but when you're operating off of incorrect data you're operating off of incorrect data and that's not too bad when you're at a hundred bucks a day scale when you're at five thousand ten thousand bucks a day scale that thirty percent five 25 40 you're off by that starts to really kill your ads because your ad budgets and profits gets much tighter at scale and the way you scale is by having those 30 to 50 margins especially at scale for example if i'm spending 10k a day and i have 30 waste on my account and that results in me only making 10k a day back i can't scale if i fix this 30 50 of waste and i'm making 13k a day back off of 10k suddenly i can scale so i can scale quite easily and as you go and start buying and scaling up your ads that waste right there is going to come and bite you because your profit margin goes down as you scale always and so you need to keep that profit margin as high as you possibly can for for as long as you possibly can and then again the other thing i was talking about you need to know the ltv you need to know the back end for your customers so for example this one funnel right here cost me about 150 200 bucks to get a phone call and that's been gradually going up for a long time now but i know if i track everything my customers buy over a period of time back to the original ads that i'm making 749 for every single person that books a call with us so i'm just fine paying 200 per phone call almost 3.5 xing my money cash every single time just for this one simple funnel that's how you scale your ads because if i was looking at the upfront value by week one or week two my ltv is 187 bucks and that's really what the ad managers are going to be able to catch they're not going to track this far out they're just not there's too many phone switches there's too many device switches there's too many ip switches there's too many cookie clearings it's not going to happen and so my business would be dead in the water if i was going up these numbers so track your stuff okay trying to scale with 30 50 waist in the account and then not knowing your ltv it's just making it so you're playing a massive disadvantage because every other big business is doing this when they're scaling and this example right here i'm just using hiros i don't know how else you could do this but whatever way you decide to do it even if you don't want to use hiros like figure out some way to do it because it's incredibly important for scaling finally you have to understand this thing as well when you first launch an offer you're going to have this marketplace and there's going to be a segment of the marketplace it's just hungry it's not huge but maybe 25 the marketplace just really wants to buy what you're selling because of this when you first start up ads it's going to be artificially high your roi is going to be higher than it will normally be over time and what's going to happen as you go deeper and deeper into this marketplace is you're going to start burning through people who have different layers of interest and eventually you're getting into this big void right here of people that really need to be sold to and convinced and so what's gonna happen is when you first kick up your ads even if you get to a thousand two thousand dollars a day sale scale you're going to see okay cool i spend a thousand dollars a day i make 5k back and then after three months you're going to say whoa oh i spend a thousand dollars a day and i only make 3k back then i spend 1k a day and i only make 1.5 k back what's happening is the offer dead no what's happening is you sold out to all the people that are super interested and you're going to have to consistently improve your copy you're going to have to increase consistently improve the opt-in rates in every little aspect of your funnel and that's just normal and so what you need to be thinking about when you have your ads is expect the roi to always be falling and we need to be constantly looking at how can i improve the offer to convert higher how can i improve the copy to be more convincing what am i not understanding about the customers how can i increase the opt-in rate of our webinar of our sales call funnel of our e-commerce business how can i go and improve and improve this by another five percent because you need to understand that when you're at 5k day what most people do is they sit back on their loins and just chill out for example when i was scaling an offer to a million dollars per month i got it to 300 000 a month very quickly and then it started breaking even then i went and improved it more and got it to a million a month in sales then it did the same exact thing then it went backwards again and either going to improve the offer again and if i had just been this entire time just knowing that it was going to collapse i could have really countered this off and stopped my ads from going into a place where the roi got unacceptable and so that's the last tip i wanted to give you right there and that is why people's facebook and youtube ads die that is why they died they're selling to the wrong market segment like i showed you before they're trying to sell a b2b offer to a mass market or they're trying to sell a mass market to a b2b audience they're pricing the product wrong for the audiences they're trying to sell a cheap product to a small audience never works they're trying to sell a super expensive product to a mass audience they're not positioning right that's the number one reason why people's ads fall apart next people aren't tracking their ltv or more importantly they just aren't tracking even their upfront numbers okay i've seen so many people webinars i've seen my webinar where if i go and track them in hiros then we're only catching 30 40 of sales that results in so much waste in the account and then finally people are again always looking at their targeting instead of looking at long-term optimization of the funnel which is something that's just always going to need to happen and hopefully it's way more optimized than my chicken scratch test so this is exactly what you should be looking at now guys like always in this video i was showing you inside my hi-ris account if you actually just want to track your ads get a demo want us to analyze your account and show you where all your waste is at schedule a call with us below we'll go through we'll look at what you're doing with your ads we'll look at how your tracking can be improved we'll look at how much money you can save and we'll just show you how much money you can save if there is potential for it to be saved if there isn't potential for you to scale more with tracking there isn't potential for you to save a ton of money we'll just tell you that okay because at highrose when people come to high roast there's a 90 day refund guarantee so if people don't see dramatic tracking results and all the things i talked about in this video they don't pay so we're just straight up with you there on top of that if you're interested in getting more info on that funnel and ad consulting mastermind i talked about there's a link below as well you can go on there i'll hop on a call with you we'll talk about how you can improve your ads what you're doing and again we'll just be straight and say oh this could be a huge gain for you in the business and if you're interested in joining you can or we'll just show you some really cool things on the call that's it finally what i really encourage you to do if you're watching this video because you're interested in ads join the hi-ros facebook group just just go to facebook type in hirose should be one of the first things that shows up the high official hirose forum there is a qualification process you need to be spending some significant ad spend in there however we have over 50 million a month in ads spent in there if you put all of our members together and so it's pretty much the best ad form you could possibly be on online right now so i would go check that out that being said subscribe this channel because i release new videos which is crazy in-depth training like this every single week and if you want to see those well you should be subscribed so you get notified that's it check out the other videos at the end of this video as well i'll link some of my best ones as well for you and i'll see you next time i post on this channel this has been alex becker thanks for checking us out and i'll see you next time [Music] [Applause]

================================================================================
TITLE: $419k FB Retargeting Return! (Ultimate Facebook Retargeting Guide)
VIDEO ID: 2-GilmsesOo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-GilmsesOo
================================================================================

hey there this is alex becker ceo of hyrus hopefully you can tell by the cool hoodie you should have been sent when you join hirus as well look in this video i just want to get into what makes our ads 10x cash profitable that's before recurring payments even come in i think that's something a lot of people enjoy having the reason behind it is our retargeting ads look for the longest time i thought retargeting ads were like a fun bonus round something that you just kind of tacked on however at hiros and across my other businesses i've seen as much as 40 to 60 percent of our sales come from our retargeting ad process which as you're going to see here is very in-depth there's over six different ways that we bring people back and hit them with different objections and closes and all sorts of structures that you're going to see here and the reason i did that is because when i started using hierarchy my own ads i saw that our customers were taking two to three weeks to book calls some people didn't buy any of our products for two months and i thought to myself wow it's much cheaper for me to get these people to come back for about a dollar fifty than getting another person to opt in for let's say ten dollars and this week's high-risk training which we send you every weekly in your email and posts in our group by the way join the group below we have over 40 million dollars in ad spend per month in the group it's the best place to be if you're a media buyer on facebook i'm not even joking there's no other group that has the qualifications we do to join and the quality of people inside it however we post this training there every single week so that's another cool perk as well and the reason why i'm telling you this you might be skeptical is this some highrose sales pitch no i want you to scale your ads so your ads make more money so that you a get higher us and b when you do get higher you're able to upgrade your account through making more money by telling you everything that we're doing to make more money for our businesses you make more money at your business and then hopefully you're going to be like hey if i track this i'd make more money and as you make more money i should probably upgrade my account that's it so it's in my best interest to just tell you everything i know which is exactly what we're gonna do right now so now we're in my computer let's talk about retargeting first off because when you see what we're doing you're gonna be like whoa that seems like overkill that is so much retarding man there are so many different places that get too and sent to why are you doing all that because if you're like me before i started using hiros to track my customers coming in i would think okay retargeting is like a fun bonus round we're going to make an extra 20 of sales with our high ticket funnels and other funnels i see at least 40 to 60 percent of our sales are coming from retargeting the funny funny thing is i see most people who come in i'm able to see very clearly in hiros they'll come in they'll click the first ad and they don't book a call with us or buy something for two to three weeks almost on average this is the same with lower ticket products as well and the number one way to make your ads work better is to simply make the people that you paid to get in the funnel let's imagine we're paying ten dollars to get a person into the funnel well every single person that doesn't buy in this funnel they're losing you money and i think that's a pretty obvious statement but it's so much easier to get this person who came in for ten dollars to buy for an extra dollar and fifty cents with some extra retargeting that is to get another person in for ten dollars and get them to buy it's just the most cost efficient thing you can possibly do and so retargeting is the best way to do this because while email marketing is a great way to follow up when we'll be talking about that next week there is one place you can consistently know your customer is going to be hanging out at it's going to be youtube or facebook or one of the properties that google or facebook owns you're always going to be able to follow up with them and you have to understand that when people come through a funnel if they don't buy right away doesn't mean they're not gonna buy when was the last time you bought something that you bought on the first attempt to sell it to you i can't remember the first time i've done that in years i don't know when i've seen an ad and just bought something i've usually seen an ad like four or five times you're a lot like me and i see the same exact thing in my high was tracking i can go look at my calls and this is the same thing for a webinar funnel or a standard funnel or even an e-commerce store but if i go through my calls right here that have came in which are what lead to sales you can see most of them come from retargeting ads you can see this person came in right here uh they came in from instagram and then they searched our name through a keyword on google this person right here came in through a facebook ad they came in through one of our meme ads this person came in right here from a facebook ad and then came back to another one of our retarding ads again person click their ad keyword ad person click their ad right for targeting ad almost half of these ads that i just went through right here they ended through a retargeting ad on top of it if we go look at some of these users history look how long it took to make the click happen the person clicked the first time in february person didn't call us until august okay that's an extreme example we can keep going through here person clicked right here in march clicked retargeting it again clicked again and this is june then finally called us after clicking retargeting ad in august this is why you need to run retargeting because it only cost me like a dollar fifty extra to get this person through it just took time and the most important thing too is i want to be able to attribute this first ad and this retargeting ad right here i don't want to stop either of them because if i just keep running this retarding ad without this ad it's going to slow down my sales and so it's also very important if you're watching this if you're a high-risk user to make sure when you're using your attribution mode if you want to see this you want to be using scientific mode because what's going to happen with your ads is let's say this is the first ad okay just add number one and this is the retargeting ad that they click 20 days later you want to be able to see both of these instances right here what scientific is going to do is if for example the retargeting ad is clicked within 30 days of the first the first ad is going to get credit if the retargeting ad is clicked after 30 days of the first ad then the retargeting ad is going to get credit so you're going to see which ad is much more relevant and you want to run your ads based on that we can also look at this in last click and we can also stretch this out we can even have the retargeting ads be ignored so that we won't see the retargeting ads show up in our main report so we can always source it back to the first ad so we can use that with email sources which will just remove any emails or retargeting ads from our reports and so that we can easily segment that and so we can separate that from our front ends and so we want to look at this from many different angles i usually just use the scientific mode that's what i personally do for this so what you must understand is what a retargeting campaign is it's the conversation it's like a sales process where you have let's just picture a car salesman trying to figure out why the person didn't buy and what angle you need to approach them at and so what happens when a person goes through our system is they go through the original ad which is going to present them with this sales video right here which makes a really strong case to buy our tracking shows all the customers that we have we have a long laundry list of basically every single big brand in the info industry but it makes a really strong case and so we do get a lot of calls from this first ad but i want to walk you through everything that happens afterwards and i have these ads that i'm about to show you hit them from all sorts of different angles so they're going to come in through the first ad they're going to opt in and we're going to have the retargeting pixel on them and over this time they're going to get hit with multiple ads there's going to be sending them back to the sales video again there's going to be a alternative sales video which makes another case there's going to be a straights the point sales video which just makes a straight roi case there's going to be a boot camp we send them to and then there's going to be brand ads and an faq ads you're like whoa what is going on here trust me when a person is thinking about buying something especially if it's high ticket you need to figure out why they didn't buy so at highrose why didn't they buy it well maybe they had a question that wasn't answered in the sales video maybe they just have a straight up feature question or maybe they didn't see the feature they want which is what the bootcamp does or maybe maybe they didn't see a clear roi which is what the straight hey you can see an roi here will just help you maybe they didn't maybe they're a person that doesn't need to see a sales pitch if you're like me i don't watch sales videos you you probably don't watch sales videos either getting me to sit down and watch a 15-minute sales video and then book a call you might as well expect me to do a cartwheel down the hallway while holding a cake in my left hand if you can picture that it would be pretty difficult to do so sometimes you just need to say hey look these are all the results we've gotten people just like you you should book a call because we'll give you the same results that's what would work on me other times you just need to send people back to the sales video because they didn't see it the first time other times you need to say hey look you know this was the point of the sales video book a call this is your last chance to kind of do so and then sometimes you just need to send people or get people a little bit more familiar with your brand so let me show you the pages for these so the straight sales video ad just right here we're just going to send them right back where some of the ad going right here i can easily track that next ad this is the landing page we send people to when we just want to make the case for our roi and you can see this the sales video right here is actually just five minutes of me talking about all the results we've got on our customers and again we just have a ridiculous amount of results for customers at hiros so that does help now here's where it starts to get really interesting with our bootcamp retargeting ads so our bootcamp retargeting ads are a little bit different because what i figure is going on when a customer doesn't opt in for a call or buy hiros if they are the target customer there has to be something that they're looking for that's important to them so we send them to a bootcamp which is really it's training it's very good training but it also lets them sell themselves see we have videos on each different way that you could use hi-ros to make more money from your business and so what people are most interested in they're going to click and so they're going to get training and then a sales video pitch at the end of it that basically offers them the exact offer that they're looking for this is why the boot camp works so well so we have retargeting ads going to all of these right here we have an ad that says hey are you interested increasing your ltv use hieros you want to use ai use highrose want to reduce your ad spend use higher risk want to scale further use hiros want to track your sales calls and webinars better use hieros and so we have those ads running at all times and so let's imagine a person lands right here on the webinar page they could watch this and go oh you know what i actually want to use ai to scale my ads or i want to actually use ltv that sounds cool too and so the person can kind of create their own custom sales process right here this works very well for us next we just send people sometimes with our retargets straight to a hey have you seen enough yet just come book a call come on book a call look at the results we've gone they're really really good book a call here's what we're going to do on the call and then finally we also send people to an faq page where we just answer feature questions this is everything we do to get people to come on the hiros and this is why our ads are so profitable our ads routinely generate a 5 to 10x cash roi in the money spent that's cash before recurring payments ever come in because we don't let the customer leave and then figure out a way to address that the other type of ads that we run the people are brand ads to just send people to our home page as you can see we have a really unique brand we have a really we're just weird frankly and we want people to know that about us we want people to be able to recognize our laser breathing ravens and see all customers and see all the different types of colors and everything we use and so a lot of times we'll just send people to our homepage with nike style ads we have ads that just have a raven breathing a laser that just say no at all very similar to nike ads with our tagline no at all and what that's meant to do is just make people understand what hirose is and get comfortable seeing hyrus everywhere and start to feel like this is not just some random brand that runs ads to them it's something that's part of the info marketing space which it is and so we'll do that a lot of times too and it kind of primes people for these other ads right here when you see the laser breathing raven and all the jokes and stuff we post in our retargeting ads it's going to lighten you up a lot more for these ads and you can only really do this if you're thinking long term with your business and that's exactly how we we run highros it's a very long term focused business and as you can see when we go and look at the sales that came in i want you to look at this this is the sales that came in just as i pulled this up this isn't prepared or anything for you this person came in threw a straight up ad came back to a keyword retargeting ad this person came in through a straight up ad came into a retargeting ad this person right here came up through a straight up came in through a retargeting ad this person right here came into a straight came from retargeting ad 7 out of 10 or 8 out of 10 of these sales that came in came from retargeting ads and this process right here if you took away our retargeting ads the business would fall apart literally the ads wouldn't work so this is why i wanted to walk you through this and by all means first off do what i just laid out right there think about long term and the conversation you're having with users because the best way to have that conversation is very cheaply retarding ads if you have a retargeting list of 20 000 people you can easily advertise to it for 100 150 bucks a day very efficiently so that being said there's no better way to maximize your roi than getting that person you paid ten dollars for to get in to come back and buy for an extra dollar 50 instead of getting another 10 opt-in you already have your best customers there you need to maximize it finally i mean this is gonna be super hard for you to track without hyrus i'm not trying to be biased here but i don't know how i could see this and i don't know how i could track what retarding ads are working and more so connect it back to the original ad if you're using facebook or google tracking you're only going to see the last ad click that's not very useful because the first ad clicked right here is part of the puzzle too seeing the entire history of the user is imperative to knowing how to make your retargeting work you can't just be running ads willy-nilly and running front-end ads that you don't know are working which is what most people do so if you'd like to book a call with us as well to get this set up in your business you can go below and book a call with us and we'll show you how to do this on the call we'll show you how we structure our retargeting and we'll even assist you in setting this up in your business by the way every ohio's transaction has a 90-day result guarantee so if you don't see these type of results you don't pay on top of that if you want more help on running ads and specifically scaling your business with google ads or the funnels that we use you can also book a call with me below our iron ad training and i'll walk you through the sales funnels that i'm using for my webinars sales call funnels and have you even used an e-commerce and sas to actually generate 18 000 subscriptions at my other sas company and over 8 000 high ticket sales and you can hop on a call with me and i'll walk you through that and we can help you with actually scaling your ads as well just do tactics alone so that's all there is to it this has been a high rose training i hope you enjoyed it and we'll see you next week where i'll be talking about our email follow-up structure which is well i'll just show you a glimpse of it right here it's kind of a monster we have almost a six-week follow-up process that i'll be walking you through next week that basically allows us to really follow up on this retargeting process you can see here's the bootcamp retargeting email process then we have three other funnels the person goes to and i'll be walking you through what we do in those funnels as well next week so that being said this has been alex becker ceo of hiros i'll see you in the group i'll see you around let's hang out and i hope to see inside of hybris as well until next time take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: 3 Tiny Optimizations That Turbo Charged Sales
VIDEO ID: LacyMERAHCc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LacyMERAHCc
================================================================================

hey this is Alex Becker CEO of hire us again if you're not gonna know what I do in these videos is I'm epically bribing you to do business with high risk by just telling you everything that I've learned about running ads and scaling businesses look being the CEO of a tracking company gives me a lot of advantages to know what's working and advertising right now and more importantly I've grown multiple businesses to seven and even eight figures using paid traffic so what I'm going to do is I'm just gonna tell you the most essential things that I know one of these things is these three micro optimizations I'm gonna tell you in this video these little no effort things allowed me to drop the cost per acquisition on my customers by thirty percent without changing a single ad without changing a single landing page without changing any my targeting that product everything stayed the same I think you get it I didn't have to do anything except apply these three things right here and if you applies to your business i would reasonably say you're gonna see a 10% to even 20 maybe even 30 percent drop in how much it cost you to acquire a customer these are that damn powerful and before we get into it if you want to actually track these differences and make sure you're able to spot bads that are actually making money and turn off the ads that are actually losing you money you should go below hit the purple button it'll schedule call to us and we'll show you exactly how to track your ads the right way because well I mean if you're not tracking your ads the right way there is a thirty to forty percent loss in attribution that we see with every single client it comes in the hi rose which causes you to kill your winning edge and caused you to invest money and bad ads that's some bad juju you don't want to run a business like that it's expensive that being said if you actually want help growing your business without you want to see how I grew a single funnel past eight figures on AdWords click the green button below it's gonna take you to a train it shows you two exact ads the exact funnel the exact copy or any scripts even the target I use to grow one of my businesses past eight figures and even blueprints at all for you that being said let's hop into these three micro optimizations so I can show you use them because these things takes ten seconds to apply and it's probably gonna make you an extra ten percent of your business this year let me show you okay guys so we're gonna be looking at two of my best converting landing pages and I'm just gonna give you a bonus tip as it starts off these landing pages you're looking at when it comes to opt-ins it depends if you're doing sales pages it's probably going to look a little bit different these two pages right here these two designs are the best opt-in designs that I've ever used ever across all my years I've tried every single type of opt-in every type of design possible and so the first thing I want to tell you as we get going into this is that ugly always converts best it very very rarely gets out converted by something that's pretty I encourage you to go test this I encourage you to go just try something different they won't work as well 90% of the time if I had 10 bucks I bet on the clean page every single time and the reason for this is that when you send people to a landing page what you need to remember is that they are just browsing there is absolutely no reason for them to stick around there is absolutely no reason for them to check out their business their interest level is at an all-time low in fact they probably are regretting clicking already and it's an extremely important that you catch them with your headline and speak as clearly as possible if you are using a super pretty super fancy looking landing page it'd be like a person walks into your store and there's like fireworks going off there's like all sorts of stuff going on there's there's teddy bears from build-a-bear running around the store like throwing rocks at them it's it's completely overwhelming and then you're in the back of the store saying hey we sell pants and they're not gonna if they're looking for pants they might not hear that and they're gonna get overwhelmed there and be like this is this is odd and they're just gonna go somewhere else that's a little bit of an overstatement but I won't use hyperbole to express that to you because it's like people are walking around the mall and they walk in and you need to have exactly what they're looking for right there if you want to have the maximum conversion rates in fact if they're looking for pants and they walk in your store you just want have a completely empty store with a pair of pants right there that they like so that's the first thing I'm going to tell you now the next thing I'm going to tell you is also a tip that increased my sales by it made or break my funnel so I'm just gonna tell you this right here and it's kind of hard to explain but as you notice whenever we get a person to opt in for anything or we get a person to go through any of our sales pages to start to checkout process the thing that most people forget is their email delivery but let me explain this to you if you're running a webinar you're running an opt-in funnel you're even running a funnel where you collect people's emails after they check out the number one way to increase your business without doing anything special is to get your email off of autoresponders and get it on a dedicated IP in warm and up the right way now what is what does this mean well first off I would just start investigating being on your own dedicated IP address and you want to use a fresh domain name you want to use a fresh domain that you're linking to and you want to start using new content on a dedicated and you want to limit it to only your funnel emails okay to funnel emails that fire from maybe your webinar funnel your opt-in funnel or your banding cart or follow-up funnels why do you want to do this because when you do this these have extremely high open rates and what it does is when you have your own IP address what happens is Google Yahoo Hotmail they all see this IP address coming in they also see your domain name that's being sent from and when you have super high open rates what happens is it goes these guys are good these guys are good what happens when you're on an autoresponder is you're sharing IP addresses with people that are not mailing the right way and what I mean by mailing the right way is if you're sending up big blasts you're mailing your entire list all at once you're not mailing the right way you're not that's what everybody does no one really mails the right way this is why my funnels I have 50 60 percent open rates I have open rates close to messenger and most people can't break 10 percent it's because they're not mailing it right away but the thing is you need to understand is that these these email emails completely control how well your funnel works for example if you have a webinar funnel and your attendance email your join now emails getting a 15 percent open rate your attendance rates are gonna be miserable and your attendance rates control how well your webinar does if you have an opt-in funnel how well that funnel does maybe it's a four day launch funnel maybe it's just an opt-in where they get sold stuff over time how well does is determined by the open rates getting a 15% increase in open rates means a 15% increase in your business same thing with abandoned cards same thing with everything else and so what you need to do is you need to focus on having a dedicated IP and a new domain that you use not the domain you've been blasting from if you've been doing it as your mailing standard and you need to reserve this only for your funnels not your not your mass males to your list because getting if you have a webinar and you have a 15% delivery rate on that first email it goes out but you increase it to 45% 60% your webinar is going almost triple and sales it's going to be huge for you this is one of the easiest micro optimizations you can make and this is something that I do with all my businesses and the funnels if you can see what most of my businesses for example I have a sales call funnel right here that we sell high rose through and it lives and dies by that second email because a lot of people don't finish the first video right here they'll opt then they'll go through and what they'll do is they'll go through my phone right here and they won't watch into this video and they won't have time to fill out the form so what then happens is they don't go through but I have a bunch of follow-up emails and other training that I win them back with that's where almost 50% of my calls come from but the business wouldn't work as well so if I didn't do this stuff I didn't do this stuff now the second tip I'm going to give you is experiment with shorter content this webinar right here does a four xry for me cash before reoccurring payments and anything even comes in it's a great freeze-frame of me as well I'm gonna give you just I'm gonna give you more than three tips right here I'm gonna tell you a really ninja one right here most people on their call funnels have a 45 minute presentation on most people's webinars they have almost like a three hour presentation I've done both of those a minim work but what I found is reducing a webinar almost to 45 minutes if we're just selling on the webinar or reducing a call sales video the 20 minutes has worked like crazy for me also having a link to call right on the page with testimonials has worked really well for me b2b it doesn't work b2c okay but this has worked really well for me now I'm gonna give you another tip that absolutely crushes it when you start running ads get your pages on HTML after split testing and find the perfect page design the perfect headline get this on HTML now I love clickfunnels it's great I you start all my funnels on click phones but soon as I have the the page optimized by text and what's on it I get this stuff off of click phones I put in the HTML and you want to just have a plain HTML page because it loads so much faster and that's going to drop that's going to increase your mobile opt-in conversion rates your mobile sales rates significantly it increased mine it dropped my CPL I was paying about $7 Elite it dropped into about five dollars of lead for me now the final tip I'm gonna give you with your opt-ins you can see this is all just simple stuff we're not having to change any bare-bones of the funnel not have to change anything the other tip I can give you is design your opt-ins for mobile and so what I'm doing right here is whenever I have opt-ins you need to go and look at your opt-ins and look at how they're used on a mobile phone this right here works very well in a mobile phone this opt-in right here works the same if I'm on mobile if I want anything else and it's very sleek and it just goes through like this so the user doesn't have to go and select you a bunch of menus and all sorts of other things like that if you look at for example the standard ever webinar opt-in it's an absolute disaster yet everybody's using it it makes no sense when you have people opting in you only want to have one format at one time and you want to keep the form as simple as possible I only like to I like my forms like this or just clean BAM name email and you want to be as plain-jane as possible don't have anything extra don't have any images or anything else like that on the page that right there also significantly dropped my CPM this form right here on my webinars super drop my CPL I actually copy this from Sam Evans page so I'll cite my sources let's write your super drop my CPL okay I mean you can see how smooth that is compared to other options out there we have something janky popping around or something like that on mobile phones they find every reason in the glitch so you want to have your forms be as simple as possible and one other final bonus tip I'll give you to increase your opt-in rates throw in a type of training or checklist find something that people are really interested in turn it into a template or checklist and throw that in there on top of whatever you're offering in your sales call funnel your opt-in funnels or your webinar funnels these simple things right here will easily drop your CPL but I would say 20 to 30 it did so for me it actually did significantly more once we started getting the email and everything inside and so this is just what I would suggest so guys this is the training day I just want to show you these things because just applying these will really make a huge difference in your business now the wrapt is up but one of the biggest optimization hacks that you can also use is tracking correctly bidding on the right places and spending zero money on the wrong places one of the easiest ways to make more money from your ads that there is if you want help doing that click the purple link below and we'll take you to a train it shows you exactly to do that if you actually want help setting up these optimizations in your business you want to see how I use these optimizations that I've used to actually skill businesses from seven figures to even eight figures click the green button will show you exactly how I buy ads and how I apply these optimizations and step-by-step exactly the targeting the copywriting everything behind how I scaled one of my businesses past eight figures using these exact landing pages and then finally if you want to network with other entrepreneurs that are spending significant amounts enhancement you win our Facebook group below as I filmed this video there is close to ten million dollars a month and ad spend just in that group and it doesn't have any beginners it's not beginner focused it's not for people that are lost who are trying to lead to lost like a lot of other groups that is just pure ad spinners we qualify every single person who comes in so if you spend ad spend head over there so that being said I'm gonna be sending you another training here in a few days that's gonna show you some of my hyper ROI YouTube tact it's gonna show you some of the most low lying fruit on YouTube ads right now it's gonna show you how to pick those up you can easily generate a 3 X 5 X ROI off of a hundred 200 bucks a day using this and build a very full-time business or scale your business or add another revenue stream to your business just by using these hyper ROI tactics they're super easy to use nobody really spots these things and what we're doing is we find really low hanging fruit on YouTube and we just place ads on these or nobody else is placing them and they're so targeted that just it just works like gangbusters so I'm going to show you those hyper optimizations in our next training video it's Ben Becker CEO of hi Russ I'll see you then

================================================================================
TITLE: 3 Signs Your Shopify Store Is Bleeding Out Sales
VIDEO ID: Jd3JhNNCkU4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd3JhNNCkU4
================================================================================

if you're a Shopify store owner I have three simple questions for you and the bad news is if any of the answers to these questions are no you are probably making 3050 percent or even a hundred percent less than your store should be making keyword should this isn't like going out there doing something spectacular increase sales this is like literally having a bucket with a bunch of holes in it and expecting it to hold water if your answer is no to these questions you have a big old bucket with a bunch of holes in it and you are literally letting all the water drip out of it you were letting all the sales that you should be getting drip out when you shouldn't be so let me ask you these very simple questions and make it painfully obvious why if you do not fix these things you are literally factually choosing to make thirty fifty percent or even up to a hundred percent less then you should be from your stores let me ask you these so question number one how much money are you making after the sale this is by far the most important question in your business and if you understand the long-term value of your customers and the leads that come into your business you can 2x or 3x your business literally just by applying this let me explain so look at this shirt right here that we're selling from our store it cost 10 dollars and 20 cents in order for me to make any reasonable amount of profit I need to get a sale on ads from this only spending about $5 that completely destroys my ability to scale because I have to be very careful with my ad spend I have to go get this sale at five bucks but don't you think it'd be easier for me to scale my ads if I could spend ten dollars per sale twenty dollars per sale I'd completely run my competition in the ground and the truth is I can I can actually double my money while spending $20 to get this $10 sale because I have stats that show me exactly how much my customers are worth in the long term check this out so if I pull in the stats that I gathered by plugging in my Shopify store into market hero I am able to go and calculate the long-term value of each customer over three months now check out the data that market hero gives me on average in the first week here's the first sale you can see me making 10 dollars and 20 cents but on week two on average people come back and spend another fifteen dollars by week four on average people have spent twenty dollars with me by week six after entering my business and getting emails from market hero they on average spend $32 with me and then finally after that forty three dollars how much is a person that buys this t shirt via add really worth for me it's not ten dollars and 20 cents and that's what most ecommerce people do they send a person straight to their store and their profit comes strictly from the first sale and then thats it they'll make a second sale but it's all about that first sale I don't care about the first sale at all because I know because of the data that is inside of market hero from my email marketing to people that have bought from the store they're gonna come back and spend 30 more dollars with me on average what does this mean I can spend literally 20 dollars per sale and like clockwork make an extra $20 and double my money and I can go in outbid any of my competitors for my ad and scale my business to the moon this is actually how I built my first three multi-million dollar companies using this exact LTV tactic and here's the cool part if you come inside of market hero right now you can literally have your store connected in minutes your customers are automatically imported your data is completely analyzed and you were literally seconds away from seeing the long-term value your customers getting data that can completely change your entire business and help you make much better profitable decisions from your marketing and heck even analyze how your email marketing is affecting and growing your business around your ad and again if you just click that free trial link in this ad you can set this up plug in your store for free right now and get this data without paying a dime number two are you upselling and down selling your customers based on the behavior now I'm not just talking about an abandoned cart email market hero does that day one that's easy thing that should be something that's automatic if your system doesn't currently do that holy moly what are you doing I'm talking about going and strategically marketing people based on their behavior with your emails so for example if a person comes to my store right now and buys this t-shirt I want to get them to buy a hoodie I want to get them to buy a cap I want to get them to come in buy a phone case and I need to be able to market to them based on what they bought and haven't bought so what I can do it here is I can come into market hero and my tags are already set when a person buys this whenever someone buys this they automatically get this tag applied to them and a value to their customer value inside of market hero so I'm able to see exactly how much this person is worth to me for example I can go into my leads here and go okay cool this person has bought this product for me and is worth this much money to me and that's that where we get all the data and averages that you saw on that LTV calculation by the way this is all automatically done for you you're gonna be able to see exactly how much your customers are worth to you and then calculate all sorts of data based around how much that value is worth and that's automatically done for you but back to the topic at hand when someone comes in they're gonna get tagged with this tag telling me they completed this purchase all right so here's where it starts to get really nasty so after someone buys this gauntlet t-shirt from our store what's gonna happen is instead gonna trigger a funnel inside of market hero whenever that tag is applied so the second this tag is applied gauntlet which is what I have to fire whenever someone buys that shirt I want to try and get them to come in and buy one of these shirts okay it has a different design on it they just bought a t-shirt from us maybe they'll buy another one with a different design on so what I'm gonna have happen is I'm gonna have it wait maybe a day okay because I don't to start spamming the person's email right away and what's gonna do is it's gonna send them an email offering them a really special deal on this shirt right here to incentivize them purchasing it so I'm gonna go in here I'm just gonna write out a new email now you'll probably fill this out with whatever you want we can create just about any type of email you want for example I recreated the entire Maverick email again this is just a recreation we're not sending this out or anything like that or representing the Maverick Brent at all we're sure that we can create even the best selling brands emails and recreate them using market hero for now I'm just gonna put in filler content because I'm sure you can imagine what you'd be sending to somebody so once that happens we're gonna send them an email trying to get them to buy this shirt now two things are gonna happen they're gonna buy well they're not gonna buy so we're gonna have it wait two days because that's about the time it'll take for them to either make the decision to buy the shirt or seed the email and then what's gonna happen is after those two days we're gonna go and sort them by whether they bought or not so if the person did buy the tag really what we want to do is we want to go and get them to buy a hoodie like if they just bought this and they just bought that they must really love our products it's gonna buy something else this is the number one way to increase tell TV the number one way to increase the amount of sales that we're getting per customer the amount of money we're making per customer so what we want to have happen is if they do buy and they have a purchase tag that fires when they purchase this shirt which would be defect what's gonna happen is we'll sort them by their tag and we'll have the market hero system recognize when they have the tag defect and say okay cool this person bought this shirt let's go up here and send them to this get them to buy another shirt so what's gonna happen right here we're gonna go and send them another email so just boom filler content easy enough right there okay so just imagine email worth something that and so then what's gonna happen it's gonna sell them this next shirt right here now if they don't buy though well one we just send them back maybe they missed the email maybe they didn't buy let's just give them another chance well give them even better discount on that one shirt and send them right back to buy this notice can go on and on on let's imagine after this we're gonna go and have it way too in sort by tagging let's imagine they buying that second email then boom what we're gonna have happen one more time and I'm not gonna go into philosophic because I think you get the gist of it is if they do buy that boom we just set him straight to southern when we can create a never-ending funnel that sorts them and shows them based on what they're buying and just doing this alone is an easy way to increase your sales by 30 50 100 percent why because the person that comes through and just bought something is probably pretty likely to buy something else and if they buy something again they're super likely to buy something else keep doubling down and keep increasing the value per customer and then again what market hero is going to allow you to do is come over here to your finance section and you're gonna be able to go and say wow that funnel I just put in has increased the value I'm making per customer by twenty fifty one hundred percent and again you are literally seconds from having this data and having the ability to add this up sell down sell all this crazy functionality to your store just do that free trial below and on top of that free trial we're gonna throw in a full email marketing course for Shopify this is a full fledged course that's gonna show you that we've actually charged 997 four in the past that will teach you everything you need to know about email marketing especially email marketing for Shopify exactly how to go do these upsells these down sells how to get your customers converting what to put in your emails how to write your emails how to actually get free traffic for other places how to actually run email marketing for your Shopify store from paid traffic how to actually sell your products for your webinars just like I am doing at Specter right now which is my supplement company that actually did closes six figures in its first week of opening because I sell via webinars and then follow up with email marketing which is absolutely lethal now just that also being said market here does everything else your system does it sends emails it allows you to send broadcasts out to your customers go and track the data and see exactly how your customers are opening these email create individual procs and their prices go and sort all your leads integrates with that every single big platform you to operate within your Shopify store and allows you to go out there and just make beautiful emails based on what your customers have bought and their actions you can sort and segment your store just like you can inside your Shopify store and so if a person's about one product but not another product guess what you can do you can go and just send them specific prod Emile's based on that and then send out these emails to them easy peasy lemon squeezy I've just been wanting to get that that bling go into the sad so far but let's get to the final question and this one's very simple talking to your customers doesn't just come down to email marketing what about facebook messenger are you sending facebook messenger messages to people when they abandon your cart if not you're missing a huge amount of money more importantly that you know you can automate your facebook Messenger messages that interact it's just like thats funnel I just showed you let me show you so when a person comes right here and hits Add to Cart they're gonna come in and what's gonna happen is if they abandon this cart when the car is abandoned bill and market hero sends a message to your customer saying hey did you leave this behind you might want to come back and check this out and because Facebook minister has crazy high open rates this is a way better way to get your customers coming back to your store this is a way better way to increase your sales by 30% just by capturing the people that were already attending to check out in the first place but then like before we want to go and then automate this just like we did our email so what I'm gonna do is are my you look like new Facebook stream and I'm gonna have happen I'm Simon guard here to Aleksandr Becker and whenever a person comes in and starts these processes we're gonna sort by tag and we can send the same type of facebook messenger automation that we talked about you can then message your customers links to videos or product demos which aren't necessarily salesy that Facebook will lie to send and guess what this can go out there and double your business because I guarantee you right now you probably have a bunch of people that would be in your facebook Messenger account and it's a real shame because if you just had this automation set up automatically you would be collecting a person's facebook Messenger every single time they come and start checkout on your store and then I could go out there and easily and start sending messages these people and sending them access to your live streams your webinars whatever you're doing and immediately start monetizing that second list of people that you're just not even gathering that is just huge money left on the table they could go out there increase your store by 30 to 50 percent and those are my questions for you are you doing these three things probably not cuz market here is literally the only system on earth that does all three of these things and it's really the only system on earth that does any of those things when it comes to Shopify marketing and so that ladies you have one bigger question why not go below and try this system for free why not go below and connect your Shopify store in literal seconds it takes a few buttons to click and you just go through and click one two three four and insulin all your sales and customers are imported in the market here oh your data is calculated giving you your total sales data giving you your exact sales data all the metrics behind your store you need to run your store better run your clients stores better it is absolutely insane if you were using any other system and when you read the top of the sad I mean it if you are not using market hero right now you are literally lighting money on fire you are literally choosing to make less money from your shop buy stores because simply going out there and knowing your LTV doing the upsell and down sell automations that we covered and adding facebook Messenger to your store not only something that only market hero can do for Shopify stores but is also a way to almost instantly increase your stores revenue by thirty fifty even a hundred percent if you're just gonna play these things how is your store going to change if you can suddenly start running your marketing much more accurately and increasing the revenue you're making per customer what if your customers came back and spent two times three times what they're spending now at your store what if your customers went through funnels where they're automatically up sold and down sold stuff that they're already interested in thus making them spend more what if your customers simply start getting facebook Messenger notifications letting them know they abandon the cart and sending them to news updates from your site that will go in and again give you an entire new list of people and a new way to reach your customers to get them come back to your store what would that do for your business tons so I'm begging you right now go below simply go up and sign for a free trial of market hero it's a hundred percent free you're gonna have access to all this data the second you come in plus access the five thousand leads you have plenty of room to grow and test this out on top that we're gonna be access to the full 8x hero Academy which normally teaches you the exact email marketing I've used to build three multi-million dollar businesses and I'm using in my e-commerce brand right now to scale it to seven figures it's also gonna show you exactly how to do email marketing for your Shopify store advanced copywriting for your store how to build the funnels how to build opt-ins how to go out there and actually start this up in your niches if you're new to shop find storing your store show you the best organic traffic sources to get for free show you exactly how to go and actually run Facebook ads for email marketing and show you exactly how to sell your shop viperox via webinars like I do it's Specter which absolutely kills it people come into my business they go through a webinar first they get sold a big batch of products and then they go down a down cell phone on automated market hero that sells some free trials and other products so I'm just literally begging you if you have a Shopify store right now stop going and doing things the hard and slow and awkward unprofitable way come inside our system right now you are seconds away from doing this you're seconds away from me in the course and give market hero a try and just and before you ask we also have some of the best delivery in business you are a good mailer if your spam Miller we're not gonna be able help you out but we literally brought on the head of delivery from Aweber to ensure you're getting the best delivery possible once you prove that you are sending good clean emails to customers which you have asked Shopify store that's pretty straight forward so it's been alex becker come check out market hero right now you get a nine ninety seven dollar course you can try this out for free and you can start with five thousand leads to grow into and if you want to import the rest of your leads over do this you are instantly going to get the data you need to improve the sales from your store and improve your client sales if you're working with a Shopify store right now stop using other systems they're from 1999 move on to the autoresponder that's for Shopify in 2018 let's ben becker i'll see inside you

================================================================================
TITLE: 10k A Day On Youtube
VIDEO ID: GcZYrpEEHc4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcZYrpEEHc4
================================================================================

hashtag cure nation what is going on this is alex becker and you are on your third open email from us you open two more and you get that six hundred dollar course free now what you're gonna see in today's video is a live storm i did that basically breaks down here let me show you how I've grown my channel from zero to over three hundred and close to three hundred twenty thousand subscribers as I make this video and more importantly check out some of these stats in this videos you can see this video right here a hundred sixty two thousand views 158,000 186 two hundred ten eighty to two hundred seventy seven and it just goes on and on and on so what I'm gonna show you in this video is exactly how I go and get hundreds of thousands of views on videos and no it's not because it subs subs don't actually matter on YouTube and most importantly let's tie this back in the business it's not just about getting famous on YouTube and putting a cool youtuber it's about going out there and actually making money in doing this you can see right here I generate about eight thousand dollars a month just posting on YouTube but more importantly the viewers that come on here I will routinely generate about five thousand to ten thousand dollars a day just retargeting and with super cheap ads and I want to show you the ROI on these things so I'm inside my ours dashboard what you can do what's so cool about YouTube is every person that views your video becomes a retargeted person on a list for you this means you can target someone who knows you who probably likes you because they just watch your video and is interested in what you're selling because they just watched your video on the topic so this is a really specific audience I have right here of people that watch my marketing videos not so much my Star Wars videos and you can see right here I spent about fifty five thousand dollars and about three hundred twenty eight thousand dollars back now the thing here about AdWords is the DES tracking is probably way up so we'd probably be closer about five hundred thousand dollars from the fifty five thousand dollars and actually if you go and look at the last 30 days right here the last thirty days you spent about five thousand dollars did probably $50,000 in sales back the advertising and this is not like other advertising where you're going and marketing the people that are cold then what we're doing is remarketing people that are already predisposed to buy therefore they're gonna watch more so it probably only takes one cent again to watch the view that's how much it will cost and Adwords and we're gonna be making like a 10 X or Y without too much effort just like you're seeing here and that's what you're gonna see today the one thing I want to let you know since you've opened three emails in a row I want to give you one really special deal right here so we have what is called the hero sales academy and this is a forty seven dollar per month membership that has literally everything you could ever need when it comes to starting a business online it has how to make your first five our month business in 60 90 days it's actually worked for a lot of people it has exactly how to get tons of free traffic on Facebook forums reddit you name it Instagram we got it email marketing full course on that full course on selling and copy writing and writing sales videos shows you exactly how to convert people that come from your YouTube channel they shows you step-by-step how to do YouTube ads how to write a pitch for clients how to go and do opt-in funnels and funnels to get people spying more of your product a huge course on Facebook Ads it just goes on and on and on all the way down the Instagram and then what I'm gonna offer you is our BMA program which teaches everything you're gonna see in the stream day times 10 because look I only have about an hour in the stream it's about a 15 minute stream of non-stop pure value content you're gonna learn so much in this look this isn't like some disguised pitch I'm just letting you know this right here about this deal because in the VMA program this is $197 if you see it through one of our ads like you can go watch youtube you will see an ad for this program it's a hundred ninety seven bucks this shows everything I know about YouTube it shows you exactly what inch to pick what to sell how to make the videos and how you should make the videos it's gonna show you the exact YouTube algorithm and how I rank number one and get hundreds of thousands of views on videos and how to do this even without a lot of subs and then step-by-step how to convert people and sell stuff without running a single ad but then how to get a 10x ROI on ads like I just showed you and I'm gonna throw that hundred ninety seven dollar program on top of the HS a free trial below if you just try it out now also everything about this has a 60 day no questions asked refund guarantee so it's a 14 day trial below if you do get billed and you're still not happy after 59 days after being billed you can get a full refund no questions asked I just want to let you know about that because you might not wait till the full 50 minutes in and it's a crazy deal I'm only offering in this video so that being said enjoy the stream you don't even worry about the offer if you don't want to right now enjoy the stream it's non-stop content value to make you go wow wow it's insane so check this out it's literally insane it's how we're joining an extra five to ten thousand dollars a day with just posting videos on YouTube on top of the eight thousand dollars a month in Adsense on top of all the branding and exposure that we're getting on YouTube if you are doing a business and you are not on YouTube I think you're insane and this stream is gonna make it very clear why let's get this going guys alright so welcome to live stream I got all set up right let me load up my little doodle pad right here and what are we gonna be talking about tonight guys what are we gonna be talking about tonight's nothing but the legendary YouTube by the way if you're my Instagram we get the vote on what I talk about each day on these live streams and so you should definitely be there so what I'm gonna be breaking down today guys it's a little strategy you guys asked me to do again which is all about YouTube and look a lot of people are kind of reluctant than getting the YouTube let me just kind of show you like some daily stats right here let me just go blood up the screen drop this down move this aside look how good we're getting into the stream and stuff right here but guys look I'm gonna show you a simple little strategy right here and this comes from a whole bunch of other ads right here but here's about what we've done today did about 28 that let me actually refresh then stripe for you guys then about 28,000 actually got thirty thousand dollars in sales about ten thousand dollars in sales and PayPal today and here's our ad spend about eleven thousand dollars on YouTube and so if you want to see how we're doing that you should probably listen up because what I'm gonna show you today is we're about ten thousand dollars of that income comes from it's actually using free traffic and using a very simple retargeting method I'm going to show you to turn that free traffic into customers now look you can also go and use the traffic I'm about to show you you can get sales for free but if you're smart you're gonna do the retargeting okay so this is gonna be a pretty spiffed assed extreme so give me a three if you're excited because we get this going by the way guys we are giving away a copy of H com 2020 live on the stream and the way I'm gonna pick out the person who gets it is it's a person who's most active in the comments so if I see you commenting a lot I see being a cool cat I see you give me way too much attention because I'm very insecure I need it there you get H come 2020 so that's like a two thousand dollar course so guys look I'm just gonna dive straight into the topic of the evening let's make sure I get everything loaded up right let me expand this a little bit so you can see very clearly come on down come on down there we go well pal okay that really didn't change anything at all but it made a big difference like I just tell me it did so look guys let's get into the topic at hand all right so my notes right here great so what I want to talk about first up guys is why you want to be doing YouTube right now because you're probably thinking you know why on earth would I want to make a YouTube channel and it's very very important okay because I want you to understand exactly what happens when people come to your YouTube channel so let's imagine go on put a bit Oh up on thank you thank you over all the people saying hey I see it we got like a ton of people pouring on right now and like a few live stairs ago I tried to answer questions and it just gets crazy because I never Annie back and forth for trolls and stuff like that so if you put a video up on YouTube what YouTube is gonna do if you use the algorithm the way I'm gonna show you in this livestream today and by the way if you hop off you don't get to see the rest of the livestream so don't hop off because I got something actually crazy free thin okay I'm gonna give you like a zillion dollars worth of stuff so look when you upload a video if you use the algorithm the way I'm gonna show you what it allows you to do is get thousands of people let's say ten thousand people to the video now this is gonna happen every single video but if you use the algorithm the way I'm gonna show you this this video you can consistently if you're just starting off get two thousand to five thousand views and by the way it has nothing to do subscribers whatsoever so let's imagine we're in the camping niche right here and we're able to send this amount of traffic to our video by the way there is no other platform on earth there is no other website on earth that's gonna give you ten thousand free visitors maybe Instagram if you get like a really nice post up there but there's no platform on earth that is gonna send you ten thousand visitors warm them up to your offers and get them to like you and become customers for free there just isn't period look at Logan Paul look at Jake Paul there is no platform on earth that is gonna send you that amount of business for free okay maybe vine back in a day Instagram to a little extent but look this is where you want to build it but I want you to understand one thing if you get a thousand people to a video what just happened is you did something very important okay so a lot of you guys probably come to your website again everybody pouring and give me a quick one if you can hear me someone said okay okay I'm listening I like it somewhat everybody saying such mean things about Logan Paul be nice to Logan Paul guys he's he's apologized he's apologized for his mishaps okay so let me make sure that many chat went out all right so look I'm gonna tell you why when you probably send people to your website they don't turn in the customers okay it's probably because you suck at your website first off your app site probably doesn't look great and you probably aren't selling too well but the very bare minimum I want you to really think about a time you went to a website and bought something where you didn't know anything about the business or who it was okay now I want you to think about a time now where you saw a video of somebody your you've got to know somebody a little bit do their videos you got to know their brand or you got to know the brand overall and then you went to their website and it was really really ugly but because you really like the person's videos and that even though the sales process isn't good but you like the person's videos you bought why does this happen why can't a site if it looks really good and you got sent to it but you don't know what it's about why would you not convert there when you're converting at an ugly website with really bad Sun it's because of this rapport trust and respect now look if you have rapport with somebody it means you like them okay you like the person you like what they're doing trust you believe what they're saying okay and respect you believe they are the best at what they're doing all right there you believe they're very knowledgeable if you have all three of these things it is infinitely easier to get someone to buy something okay and don't worry we're gonna get to the algorithm how to get all the free traffic how to get the sales even exactly how we're doing this we're spending like 11,000 making like 40,000 we just made like another thousand bucks right now we're on the stream about another 10k in PayPal right now if you want to know what to do that don't worry we're gonna get that but look if you have these things it's gonna be extremely easy to sell even if your sales skills are awful okay and you want to look you want to pay attention this right now if your sales skills are awful because look if you're watching this right now you probably not you probably good internet marketing you're probably beginner most of you are maybe 10 percent of people here have a business it's working that's fine that's fine but if you have these things right here it's gonna be so much easier to close sales you guys might have seen sales pages I put up online the reason why those sales pages work even though they're really boring okay there's a few like the hero sales academy sales page has like nothing on it we have like 2,000 members in there right now it's also because the contents amazing but people don't know that but they come from the YouTube channel they check and I go wow that's awesome so what just happened what YouTube is gonna do for us is when we put a video up online and then it sends traffic to us for free what YouTube is gonna do is it's two things first off it's going to give us a little way to run ads to every single person that viewed that video no more on that later on but more importantly what it's going to do is it's going to send people to that video and what are we gonna build rapport trust and respect respect okay get it it's all about the respect all right I'm gonna make a lot of Logan Paul jokes tonight so look once you have those things if you can get this person to go to your website then you're gonna be in a very good position now here's the problem though on your videos if you link to your website you're gonna see your videos not get as much traction as they could be now you can still sell from your videos once you warm up the algorithm a little bit to your channel okay I'm gonna talk about how to do that here but more importantly guys what you need to understand is we really don't want to sell in our videos we want to use our videos to get tens of thousands of views and I'm going to show you how to do that and so what I want to break down to you is my exact strategy okay I'm gonna show you my xx tragedy it easily generates 10k a day it's it's very very very simple and you're gonna understand it right away but give me a one if all that makes sense real quick okay someone said one more Logan Paul reference people don't like the Logan Paul references guys guys come on guys it's it's it's I forgot what's what's his sayings I don't know that my Logan Paul sayings anymore what are they no gangster alright I don't I don't know I haven't watched enough I used to watch his channel a lot for giggles but I don't do anymore all right so you guys are clearly getting it good good all right so the next thing we want to get into is look how does a strategy work it's very simple so if you go to my channel you're gonna see that I'm gonna actually lower it where's my channel let me go to my actual channel you know that thing I can see myself streaming to myself right now is it am I in the future because that's what's going on if you guys saw my can you die video you know that I'm technically in a different time warp than you but I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do that alright so look if you look my channel right now I want to point one thing out I have 256 thousand subscribers but I'm gonna show you something if you look at my videos right here it's really hit and miss so if I make a Star Wars video 143 thousand views I make a video games video 5k views I make a video on building a business about 13 K views it's pretty obvious right now that subs don't really matter okay I can show you a lot of Shopify bloggers I can show you a lot of people that have way less substance I do to get more views than I do and that's because what YouTube looks at is not your sub count sadly I would love if it just sent it my video to all my subscribers that's not how it works okay what YouTube is gonna do is gonna look at the metrics behind your video and if you get the right metrics on your video what is then going to happen is YouTube is gonna blow that video up so doesn't matter if you have subs or not and so I noticed this a while back and so what I will do is I make videos using a very specific strategy and I use a headline a combination of the headline the thumbnail and going for a high watch time to get YouTube to blow up my video for example this video right here the Star Wars video got 143 thousand views in about a week okay that right there is worth probably like fifty to eighty thousand dollars for me I'm gonna explain why in a second okay but just understand that it's about 50 to 80 thousand bucks to me and I'm gonna show you exactly how I do that so what you're gonna notice is if you get a video that has a high watch time gets a lot of clicks and has a good thumbnail YouTube is gonna blow it up so what I do is I make these videos and I'm gonna get YouTube to send me anywhere from 10k to 100k views on average now if I make an entertainment based video I'm usually gonna get that hundred K views and so what YouTube then does is it gives me a retargeting list of let's imagine this alright so I make a shop of a video it gives me the 10,000 people who just watched that video okay and so I can go right here into my shared library and AdWords I can go to audiences and I can literally find every single person that's viewed that video and I'm gonna show you how to get these views here in a second if you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed just bear with me so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna create an audience of anybody that viewed a video from my channel okay so this is I literally have an audience inside my account I'm not gonna scroll down to it right now but it has like I think like 8 million people on it or something like that but more importantly iWitness I wanted to go and target people that have watched in the past two days so these are people that just watch my videos these are gonna be the people most likely to convert so what I'm gonna do is it's gonna give me a retarding list of 10k to 100k people and so right after they watch that video what's gonna happen is I'm gonna send and add to them on AdWords say hey I noticed you just watched this video or if the person just watched a video on Shopify what I'm gonna do is I'm going to send them to our HTM 20/20 webinar okay so let's imagine this I get 10,000 people to watch my Shopify video and if I can get those 10,000 people and then I can get I don't know 500 of those 10,000 people who just watched my video they opted in for a webinar I converted about 3% on that webinar okay so 250 show up that's about 7 sales ok that's about 7 sales about 14,000 dollars in my pocket now what's going on right here if I get like a hundred K Beus or something like that I can do the same exact thing I said hey this is Becker I saw you just watched my videos come and tend to live event today we're building a business if I get 100k views man I just get 30 people to watch that that's 60,000 bucks does that make sense but why do those people opt-in why are they so much cheaper you need to understand that when I run an ad to these people usually right here I'll show you um I'll show you this alright so check this out here's a perfect example of me doing this right here so I'm gonna do last let's see last week okay so it costs me usually about seven eight dollars to get people to sign up for a webinar now these are people that IRA targeted from video views and my subscribers and stuff like that and if you actually go back I was paying about $1 per opt-in for our webinar all right a dollar per opt-in okay and the amount we were generating per day is about 8,000 bucks a day at $1 per opting we're spending probably about 500 bucks to make 8,000 back that's what you understand because these people they've just watched the video they just watched you and you just gained rapport trust and respect then you ask them to attend a webinar when they on this kind of rapport trust and respect hi and what's gonna happen is boom they buy and they convert much higher and they opt-in much higher so give me a one if that makes sense so far if you having some aha moments yes RTR go to the RTR dance alright anyone remember the Macarena I was watching this video the other day like that brought the Macarena and I remember when I was like in fourth grade doing that that's that's how you know you're cool alright first person I want to see I want to see Macarena chants in the chat right now this gives this really increases your odds of getting H come 2020 alright first person to say hey Macarena gets twenty cool points in my book alright alright we're done we're done there we go there we go thank you guys all right that gives you 20 cool points if you put it in there I'll remember you at the end of this and we're giving out those things so guys how do we get these views all right how do we get these views pretty simple okay so what I'm gonna do is let me make sure I'm on pace with my notes is I want to go and let's imagine we're in the camping niche and I use the camping niche because it's so easy to sort of explain what all right so let's go to YouTube and let's type in make sure I'm screwing the same thing alright cool so let's go and type in survival and let's go find some channels okay so um primitive technology right here so there's three tactics you can use to consistently get views and I just use the if you watch my videos the ones that actually go and try and get views for I use one of these three topics or strategies every single time so I'm gonna show you the first strategy right here so I'm gonna go back to my channel I don't know why I came over here we're live everything's just gonna be awful if you want better teaching this is why you watch the videos if you want a complete mess of a thing you come to the live streams alright so let's go and look at this video right here alright so read the headline right here how to make a thousand dollars a day at fifteen years old or as a beginner alright eight hundred eighty one thousand views now we're gonna go to my buddy deadbeat Dan's deadbeat super affiliate alright and I love Dan by the way I'm not giving him poop or anything right there so look look at his most viewed video how to make $100 a day as a lazy 16 to 17 year old do you see the similarity in headlines and you see the similarity and thumbnails yes so what you want to do if you want to have a successful YouTube channel go and look at other channels and I'm telling you this copy their headlines and thumbnails and put a slight twist on them like Dan did right here by the way I copied an headline headlines too I copied an the syllables head we all copy each other's headlines okay no one none of us are original we're marketers all right if we were original we'd be you know going to Japan and filming stuff in the woods and and yelling on trampolines like Logan so look we're gonna go back to my channel man I want to actually let's go that survival Channel survival Channel there we go so we go over here to primitive technology and I mean these guys look like they haven't made I mean if who doesn't want to go live in a hut in the woods and sleep and a pile their own you know have you ever seen that show naked and afraid good gosh that this place I'm like the the what you might call it the National Geographic Channel or whatever this is one chant it plays it 24/7 straight I don't understand how that show caught wind but it's weird don't go google it so what we're gonna do is we're gonna go look at this guy's channel let's go look at his videos and let's organize them by popularity all right bingo bingo there we go so primitive technology bow and arrow alright so we could obviously make a video on how to build a bow and arrow in the woods something like that how to build your forge in the woods how to make mud bricks alright primitive technology how to make mud bricks or something like this like these people really effing like making mud bricks I don't see the appeal but 22 million people than six months so look let's imagine we are selling something that I didn't cover what we're gonna sell let me back up and do that so let's imagine we have an e-commerce store okay and we have are we up to we could have do this two ways we have a survival course or we have an e-commerce store the ecommerce store sells tents and our site sells a survival course okay easy enough so those are what you're gonna sell and you can get the tents by going to aliexpress.com and we're gonna do tents so what are you gonna do if you don't know what drop shipping is we're basically gonna go then find a tent on here alright so you see this one right here Kim can pop up down out there camping tip quick and automatic opening tent for whatever all right so it's 40 bucks we could easily sell this tent for $150 from our website then what we do is we come to this website we buy the tent and we ship is the person that bought that's called drop shipping and it's done in every story you've ever been in whole food 7/11 the dollar store maybe I don't know yeah pretty much every store ever so knowing that now what we're gonna do is we're gonna go and say all right so how can we get people to our tent or a survival store we're gonna go and make videos just like this teaching people how to survive in the woods maybe using the tent that we're gonna sell in our store or we're gonna teach people how to survive in the woods and then afterwards tell them hey look by the way if you like this video come check out my course and the way we're gonna do that we'll make videos like this channel is made okay and copy the videos and we want to do about three to four videos a week is that a lot of videos not really actually it at my usual pace no not at all but look if you can rack up a subscriber list of or not even a subscriber list a view list of 10 20 50 thousand people that is enough to make six figures a year easy I'll show you how here in a second now the next way you can go and get a lot of views is you want to go and copy trends so check what I'm doing on my channel alright so we're gonna go to my channel pop on over so I want to show you some of my most popular videos we're gonna go order them by most popular so look you're gonna notice how I blogged about Star Wars a lot why well first off the last Jedi did you see that it's offensive it's offensive okay I'll just leave it at that Luke Skywalker has no business doing the things he was doing with that fat little bubble creature down by the creek alright that was inappropriate and I felt like I was watching an adult film Luke Skywalker is one of the actors that was not cool alright but anyways a lot of people were also very pissed off they shared my same feelings about this and so I noticed there's a lot of trending anger about the movie and so I made a bunch of videos on it look at this video 275 thousand views 400,000 views do you keep going down there's another one right here 143 thousand views look what do you want to do is you want to look out for trends so what were some really good videos you could have made a video about this last week to get a lot of views the Zuckerberg thing I believe the Han Solo trailer came out and what you want to do is you want to look for relevant news big news to Syria thing with Trump okay you want to make videos about them and then tie that into your topic why it's gonna bring a lot of viewers to your channel now this isn't the best way to get organic viewers that are really interested in your topic but this will bring a lot of people in now the final way to get a lot of views is what I like to call feats of strength and this is where you go and do something ridiculous and really this isn't the best way to get views it's a really good way to grow your channel but I would really start off with the headline thumbnail tactic I talked about but check this one out here rich kid buys over a thousand overwatch loop boxes so I went and bought 1,000 overwatch loot boxes I think it cost me like nine hundred dollars to do that I made my money back in the Adsense alone from this video so I think I think if you get a million views on a video it's probably about a thousand to two thousand bucks you're gonna make so that's about the give or take it depends on your channels value and stuff like that but what you do is you go and do something crazy not super crazy but there's all sorts of things you can do for example I get go I can go get in the Ferrari and go pick people up in uber okay that would be a really viral video you can make videos comparing certain things like here's one $100 steak versus thousand dollar steak okay check out this one 27 million views so what you want to do is you want to create videos that trigger a question okay so you could do $10 survival tent versus $1,000 survival tent you could do let's just do like a survival video right here alright so you could have watch me survive in the woods for one week I'm not saying that would be the best idea right there but look how many views this thing got 1.5 million views you make one of those videos and I would do maybe one of these videos once a month you're gonna get lots of views you can turn those views easily easily into customers so those are the three ways to get views okay give me an X if you're tracking right now give me those x's and remember the people that are most that are coming the most interacting the most you're up to win age comm 2020 okay let me make sure awesome look at all those X's I like it I like the participation we're gonna do the X dance now donate some money to I think you can do that in YouTube domine donate me ago the first person to find a way to donate a dollar on this channel I'm gonna give you H comm 2020 to donate a dollar alright and if we get $10 and donated i will donate them to save a puppy or something I don't I don't I don't know okay I like all those X's guys I'm enjoying this alright so look now how do we get people to view our video very simple so the next thing you want to do is you want to go through you need to understand there's two things that control whether people or whether your video explodes all right it's it's clicks you're right and watch time now there's tons more stuff that goes into videos being viewed but if you can consistently nail these two you're gonna be okay so CTR is handled by those tactics I just talked about alright it's handled by those now watch time how do you get a high watch time it's very simple one you're not gonna always get a good watch time but you need to make your watch time go about eight minutes if you can get about eight minutes of watch time on average on your video you're going to do pretty well so what you want to do is you want to upload videos are about 15 to 18 minutes in length alright if you go look at my most popular videos the the Star Wars ones for example they're about 20 minutes of rant now when you're making these videos what you need to do in the first minute is you need to hook people the most important thing is you hook people what a lot of people do is they say hey subscribe to my channel by the way I make videos on this and man I really love mac and cheese I'm gonna go get some mac and cheese real quick be right back just remembered I'm in my garage I don't have any mac and cheese guys but look guys here's what the video is about today it's about this book it's really good see that's what most people do in their videos that's when people click away and that's why you see so many people if their YouTube channels and they get like 50 views per video it's because they do stuff like that hook people in the first minute so if I'm making a video about how to make 10,000 a month on shop I'm gonna say look in this video I'm going to start it off with a crazy intro and the first 30 seconds make people go what's going on here then the next 30 seconds what I'm gonna do is say hey look in this video you're gonna see step by step how to make $200 a day on Shopify without without any investment and you're gonna see able to do it in 32 seconds whatever creates curiosity and then get into your topic and don't stop progressing spend about 30 seconds per point and then keep moving keep moving keep moving keep moving especially if you're doing educational videos especially if you're doing educational videos if you're doing entertainment base videos show some emotion get a little bit angry rant a little bit people like angry rants they just do that's just that's just a side talk but what you want to do is just make sure to make your videos and progress very rapidly you don't need high levels of quality you don't need this a two thousand dollar camera take out your iPhone turn it sideways get a white light shoot some videos okay there are tons of videos online where people have made tons of views just from an iPhone okay so give me a three real quick if you're still tracking you're getting this it's all making sense that's how you go and get that's how you use the algorithm and look guys one thing you understand as a lot be you might be tempted to go back to you like your SEO roots cuz i got into SEO and back when i first go to youtube you could use PP ends and all sorts of stuff the rink don't do that anymore you just want to go for watch time and click-through rate and while there might be some SEO tricks still out there look my SEO trick makes videos about star wars make videos buying loot boxes and video games get a ton of views alright shooting threes like the NBA yeah I like that there we go awesome alright so how do we make money now how do we make money so this is very simple so we're gonna make these videos we're gonna upload them and I would really encourage you to do three videos a week three videos a week is what you need to do why because I just increases your odds it's kind of like playing a slot machine not every video is gonna work I mean like look at some of the videos on my channel I have some real stinkers okay I have some real stinkers like this one right here like check out this one right here like I made a video game video none of you guys watch this video game video not nice not a nice thing to do guys okay so knowing that you want to upload many videos as you can and you want to kind of play around with your topics like obviously I can get a lot of views if I use a celebrity name or I go in there and I use like a big trend or something like that so now that we're doing that guys we want to go and create an ad so how do we create an ad very simple you want your ad to be about a minute in 30 seconds the first five seconds you need hook them and how do you do that you pitch them on what they're gonna get without all the things they hate hey do you want to make $4,000 a month without investing or working hard hey do you want to go camping in the woods but keep getting attacked by bears hey do you want do you want to be more attractive to girls but you don't want to lose weight here's my magic secret dude or dudette all right so that's what you do okay what I would do honestly you should just make a video where it starts off and it says you're fat and then and then just yell that and then obviously everybody will pay attention and be like and you should be like you're fat if you were 20 or more pounds overweight by the way you don't have to do that here's our special sitting yeah don't don't do that but that would be kind of funny you might see that ad in the future if I can get that approved all right so look after the first five seconds where you hook them we want to spend about 30 seconds explaining how they're gonna get all those things so hey do you want to go camp in the woods but you keep getting attacked by bears well you know that this special tent that we showed in one of our videos it's been displayed on our channel Survival super dudes calm it's been displayed on our channel and what's happened is when we put in this tent bear attacks have reduced by 90% and we didn't have to do a thing we can sit in there and eat our SpaghettiOs and no bears are doing anything to us it's it's a maze it's amazing and so what we're doing today is we're actually giving a huge discount on this tent because you've viewed our channel and so if you click right here we're gonna give you 50% off and so what you want to do on this part of the video for about 10 seconds is give them a call to action saying look we're giving this tent 50 percent off on our store today we're giving 50% off our survival course you need to come here right now and if you don't come here right now the Bears are gonna get your SpaghettiOs nobody likes sharing their SpaghettiOs alright so what you didn't need to do is another three seconds is you need to explain the benefits say like look this tent is insulated if a bear touches it they catch on fire instantly they don't tell PETA but yeah it's amazing tent and then you need to close in the next ten seconds telling them hey the tents here hey the tents here that's it you do that you're gonna be doing really well and you I want you to understand most ecommerce experts they run an ad the people that don't know about them in their brand therefore the ad doesn't work if you run your ad to a person that respects you have rapport with and trust you RTR all right even though I set out to order okay if you were if you're running out to a person who has RTR especially coming up the high of watching your video you're gonna see I'm not joking five hundred percent higher conversion rates why because they know who you are they know who you are and they like what you have so how do we go and do this once we have the ad how do we go and create the ad it's really simple first one go down here we're gonna go to our shared library and AdWords and we're gonna go and create a of anybody dispute our videos in the last two days easy okay there's a few videos on the channel too to kind of teach you some bit more and I'm also gonna give you a way to like do this here in a second now next thing you want to do we're gonna go and create an ad I'm gonna keep this one pretty simple okay and for everybody turning in right here just for everybody hopping on just show any kind of what we're talking about we're talking to how we're doing an extra 10k day on a YouTube you can see we spent about eleven thousand dollars a day and we've already made about another thousand dollars we're doing about we're at about forty thousand in sales today from all the businesses actually I think I don't know where we got we got another processes are right here and we got PayPal per source wave and stuff like that so it's going good going good so if you're interesting that and listen up so what we're then going to do is we're gonna go and create an that so how do we create an ad we're just gonna go right here and we're gonna get create an ad do I'm not gonna show it let me just show you can I have what it looks like so there you go really simple you just link to your page and everything like that and what you want to do in your video targeting is you come over here we're gonna go to remarketing and then we're just gonna simply target what are you doing we're gonna target everybody that's viewed see all sorts of videos like if you viewed this video right here I'm gonna target you with the consulting ad if you viewed you with this if you viewed this ad it just goes on if you viewed a Shopify video I'm gonna target with this alright this ad set this one hundred forty thousand people right here is worth like Lisl e 5k a day to me so I'm just gonna go and do recent views if you viewed my video in the past one day hit save boom we're running an ad and here's the most beautiful thing guys it's gonna be dirt cheap to do this and so instead of going out there like every other person out there and targeting a bunch of people that don't know you you're gonna start your first Shopify store only targeting people or your first digital marketing store whatever targeting people that like that have did you have rapport with trust with and respect now here's the thing let me let's look at a few ways you could really monetize this first off imagine you had a survival brand or any brand losing weight juicing shaving cats if you're into that type of thing and what you're gonna do is we can go and then target them let's imagine we get us membership and it's 47 bucks a month and we give them a free trial so let's imagine that these 10,000 people that view a video we get 200 of them to sign up for a free trial 200 if we get just fifty percent of those people to convert that's a hundred people that's forty seven hundred bucks a month year-round that's forty that's like about fifty sixty thousand bucks a year one video 10,000 people gimme an X if that kind of gets you excited like that if you see the potential right there that's why I think reoccurring memberships especially where you coach is the best way to get started ever pretty cool right yeah one video 10,000 people let's imagine guys you upload a video every single day or three times a week for a month and you're able to rack up 30,000 retargeting viewers you got these people for free all you need to do is get 200 of them to convert now what else let's imagine you have a brand where you teach people for lack of better words let's say you help businesses that's a little name one you help people learn Facebook Ads okay you make a video about Facebook advertising and then you retarget people right after soon let's say you're not gonna give them any views both so you get 3000 views you retarget everybody right after asking what they want to sign up for a consultation call where you'll help them with your Facebook Ads if you get 3000 people and you get to that with you for a thousand dollars a month paid traffic management that's 2,000 bucks a month 24 K a year from one video that's the greasy hot goodness I'm talking about right here that's the bigger picture you need to look at right here for example guys if I make a Shopify video Oh wonder what I'm you've never seen me be one of those yeah this keeps going like here we go ten days hundred dollars a day hacking shop by sellers 10k 10k so I got 24 people right there so 24 K people if I get 10 of those people to buy H come 2020 I just made 20 great okay okay but if I can get three of those people at a twenty four thousand you've just watched this video that's sixty thousand dollars in my bank account and it's a little bit more obvious how I'm able to go and generate see I just made another 500 bucks is sitting right here okay so it's pretty it's pretty obvious how I'm able to go out there and generate an extra 30 to 40 sometimes 50k a day on even crazy days eighty thousand dollars a day just going out there and using a lot of this is a my only tactic I run a lot of cold traffic ads as well a lot of cold traffic ads but this right here is responsible for about an extra tank a day and sales so I have a question for you guys how many people give me a three if you want three more if someone said how do you do loan law or a lot of questions hold up give me a three if you want more information like this okay you want this like in depth you want this process mapped out okay here's the crazy thing I'm about to do if you've been on any of my live streams before you probably know hey it then Alex Lee usually likes to pitch hold on to your butt's for one second because this is about to rock your world all right so look I have this program called the video marketing accelerator okay it's amazing program is a four-week program that teaches you how to create a YouTube channel how the film the videos how to run the ads everything in the same detail so we just been at this for about 45 minutes this course is about I don't know 10 to 15 hours long every my new detail what type of video to make what the seigneur video is what the seigneur ads what procs to sell everything okay and the people just got me like fifty thousand bucks like the results are insane from this okay it's four complete weeks of training too intense huge video series shows you how to pick your niche exactly what niche to get into how to make the videos how to use the YouTube algorithm exactly I go into insane detail on this you can really rig it in your favor to get these views and you can get exactly the retargeting I just broke down its gonna show you how to bid how'd it go and do this and if you're using AdWords the first time it's kind of confusing now here's the thing give me the next right now if you would probably very comfortably pay what we run this it for example if you watch one of my youtube videos you can invite it to a live stream or a auto webinar for this now many people here give me a three if you'd easily buy this at 197 I'm not even pitching right now but imagine if it just did everything I just said a lot you get your algorithm going how'd you get a ton of views allows you to do all the retargeting okay and we sell it for 197 give me an X or whatever right now if you would easily easily buy this okay and actually I'm just going through I'm actually not sharing the right screen like always but imagine if it did all those things I'm talking about right here alright so oops that's the wrong one as well see live streams dudes let me actually go and show you what I'm talking about don't go to that URL don't go to that URL this is actually way better alright because I'm about to blow your mind this is this is completely impromptu I just decide to go and offer this again denied so let me go and actually ad where is it screen capture and let's go pull up this one two seconds guys it's totally worth it it's totally worth it and oops go to window anyways like this it's totally worth it guys just two more seconds I'm so bad at these things all right there we go all right so look all right so on this right here the VMA program easily Sol's $197 eye all day all right so I think I saw a ton of people just going through saying 333 alright so guys here's what I'm gonna do all right I'm gonna I can go through all the slides again I could go absolutely nuts right here but guys you said you would buy this for 197 bucks here is what I'm gonna do tonight okay so if you look at my screen right now I'm gonna do something kind of crazy I'm gonna go over to kajabi and here's read this right here you can try the hero sales academy for 30 days for $1 but here's the incentive and this ends as soon as the stream is over I'm gonna ask answer a few more questions about this but I'm gonna add the VMA program it's 197 bucks all right I'm not gonna give this existing members and if you buy into the hero sales academy tonight for $1 you try it for 30 days for $1 I'm gonna give you the video marketing accelerator it's $197 on top of that so here's the deal all tonight you can wait tomorrow and get the video marketing accelerator through one of our ads for 197 bucks or you can come in through our $1 trial that's below this video right now our $1 trial the hero sales academy which is absolutely amazing it teaches you sales strategies how to make the sales videos I'll go into it a little bit more but you can get the entire program that $197 program I just talked about it you can go buy right now for under ninety seven bucks for one dollar and all you need to do is go to this URL right here or click the link right below this is it wasn't that worth the wait give me an X exclamation mark if that was worth the wait I'm literally I'm literally giving you yes someone's thinking what the how do I get how do I get in there yeah I'm literally giving you the entire VMA program it's a hundred ninety seven bucks if you just come in and put one dollar and now here's the thing too after thirty days if you keep it it's forty seven bucks a month for the the hero sales academy the contents also amazing but here's the catch there is no catch if you want your money back at any time you have a 90 day refund guarantee even on that dollar purchase the link is right below so if guys if we go to my my channel right now and you're looking at me streaming right here this is gonna be weird I'm gonna watch myself stream the link is gonna be right here oh my gosh shut up Alex you're annoying alright so look you're just gonna go right here you're gonna go this page you're gonna come on down and I'm totally I'm so bad changing out these screens there you go so I'm the channel it's gonna be right here you click right there you come here you put one dollar in and automatically deliver to you is the whole entire video marketing accelerate it's gonna show you everything to do this how to create the ads how to make the ad video what type of videos to put up how to use the algorithm it's even going to get into how I built a subscriber base of 250,000 people using a marketing channel which is pretty difficult to do unless you know how to use the algorithm kind of like I've talked about in this so if you have questions hit me up but ask me about this strategy ask me about how to get views on your YouTube channel ask me about challenges you have and I'll answer your questions right now as I keep this page up that's the deal for the evening guys you get the $197 VMA program you can buy denaro for $197 by simply going and setting up the hero sales academy on a 30 day trial at $1 it ends as soon as the stream is done if you do not take advantage of this right now before the stream is done I don't understand you okay because you can cancel the hero sales came in anytime you get to keep the video marking accelerator that's the deal the century right there and the reason why I can make that guy's is cuz the hero sales Academy is just amazing okay it's amazing so questions what do you guys got for me tonight what questions do you have someone said we get the hero sales academy plus VMA yes you get the entire hero sales academy plus the VMA program someone said I hate doing videos dog well if you don't like doing videos then you know you can't really do that someone actually did too many questions pouring and there's a lot of people gumming in so I'm gonna teach one more tactic about YouTube okay all right so if someone said I bought it already I'll buy it again for this put in the dollar put in a dollar okay and guys again I just go nuts in here again the person I'd the person I see going nuts the motions chat is gonna get a CH come 2020 okay so all right so I'm gonna teach you one more tactic before I hop off again the URL is directly below this video so this is pretty crazy so if you go on Facebook guys the hardest challenge most people have is when they go and run their first ads they only target interest that's really hard because I want to tell you something about your ads I'm gonna let's say you're selling a workout set all right you saw barbells and you're gonna go and target people that like bodybuilding but I'm gonna tell you right away that targeting someone just because they like bodybuilding doesn't necessarily mean they're your perfect customer for barbells you don't and so what Facebook gives you the option to do is create look-alike audiences and so what Facebook will do is if you give them enough examples of people they'll go out there and find a million people just like those people that right there is a far better audience because the perfect person for your dumbbells is probably a male 25 to 34 takes protein supplements lives in New Jersey close to the beach okay because he's a Guido that's gonna be your target marker and so what's gonna happen let's imagine we go and put up a YouTube video so we put up a video and then we run an ad to every single person to view that video so here's workout Wally okay we run an ad on YouTube to this guy alright so Bam Bam now what's gonna happen is when this is gonna look so ugly when work out Wally comes to your website he's gonna get recorded Facebook's gonna go ah workout Wally this man is 25 to 34 eats a lot of Cheetos and has an addiction to protein powder and pre-workout supplements ah I know the perfect customer for this guy and so you said about 50 to 100 of these guys to your site and then when Facebook is gonna let you do is create a look-alike audience of a million people just like this guy and here's the shortcut instead of starting off your Shopify ads or your even your digital marketing ads to people that are not your target customer you have facebook a little ego and create an audience just for you of people that are just like the people that are visiting your website organically for the most part because they are people that are watching your videos organically a guided system and watches a ten minute video on pre-workout supplements it's probably gonna be interested in pre-workout supplements don't you think and so when you're in an ad to them and SCIM to your site and you get a hundred people that are interested in pre-workout supplements to your site face it's gonna go ah I see this is the key and then it's gonna go and give you that perfect look-alike audience give me next up that's pretty cool I'm gonna give away the copy of H com 2022 Chris oh my gosh what it what a what a at the comments oh yeah look at those X's yeah all right yeah it gets me going guys all right so look guys that is tonight's livestream we're having another one tomorrow 8:00 p.m. Eastern problem you might stream in the middle of day actually I'm probably on doing like random live streams all the time at random times just like that so look guys I'm begging you right now I'm begging you come check out I'm gonna show you this real quick come get the video marketing accelerator it's gonna show you step by step everything I've done tonight down to an insane detail exactly how I'm generating like guys again the numbers don't lie it's gonna show you exactly I'm not how I'm doing all right so if we look at this right here where's the there we go so it's gonna show you exactly how I'm hopping over here you're actually gonna see some of the ad campaigns I'm running to and how we're spending eleven thousand dollars a day doing about forty thousand dollars back to the rest of this is in PayPal and more importantly show me how we had generated an extra ten kid and I really want you to see the final potential here guys remember what we talked about if you go and run a survival video you get 30,000 views here out the month if you can get just a hundred people or 200 people to try a free trial and convert at 50% and pay you 47 bucks a month you're making forty seven hundred bucks a month that's the potential here if you get a video that has a lot of views you get people to that video you get just a super small minority a hundred people out of 30,000 on a forty seven dollar per month program you are now financially free congratulations imagine this you go and create a video teaching people how to do Facebook ads you get three thousand people to view that video you run an ad right after that video that you just you get all these people for free these people now trust you they like you and they respect you you get two of those people at a three thousand to converted a thousand dollars per month pay traffic management after they already like you boom that's 24 K a year you make five or six of those videos you get five or six clients boom you're financially free you make a survival video okay you get 10k views this is why I'm really a big fan of reoccurring stuff because reoccurring stuff makes the most money just keep that in mind but let's imagine we get 10,000 views and you make the video showcasing the tent a little bit you get just 20 of those people to buy of $200 tent you just made 4000 bucks for the month and these people are gonna convert so much cheaper the clicks are gonna be so much cheaper because they know you and they're gonna convert so much higher and guys if you want to learn how to do that come check out the video marketing accelerator which usually sells for right here actually where's the scroll right here usually sells for and you can come on to one of our Auto webinars tomorrow and pick this up 497 bucks or what you can do right now guys is you can simply do this okay you can come on over to the channel there's gonna be a link right below the video right here em hero life dot sell our em em hero dot live slash sell that is a funky URL you click on it you come on over here and you try this for $1 we're gonna give you the VMA program it's a hundred ninety seven bucks we're gonna give you the entire hero sales academy like let me show you everything that's inside this it's insane that's actually the checkout page I'm gonna go to actually the offer give me two seconds I'm gonna pop on over there that let me show you everything that's inside the hero sales academy cuz it's nuts like look at the people commenting and chat it's it's amazing I'm not just saying that leave the stuff in here that's insane because what's gonna show you how to do let me pop this back up now is what's gonna show you how to do is how to create the sales videos to convert those people it's gonna show you the sales strategies that actually make people convert on your website it's gonna allow you to go and you even have a huge section right here on an entirely how to get free traffic to your site so guys if you don't want to start running ads right away we have how to get free traffic on Facebook forms everywhere and then how to get your first membership going again if you get 50 to 100 people paying you 47 bucks a month you're financially free got we got Facebook Ads we got YouTube ads we got all the funnels guys I'm offering this all to you right now for the price of literally let's go where is this one right here literally one dollar guys okay one dollar you can try it everything you get the hero sales academy you can get the VMA program for one buck and this all closes down as soon as the stream is done so guys had a plasti night another successful live stream and I only messed up just a little bit just a little bit be sure to subscribe you'll get notified by YouTube whenever we go live and I'm gonna close this down in about three minutes so you have this chance right now to get on the sales academy get to vm a program for literally $1 it has a 90 day refund guarantee and I really don't how to pitch this cuz I think you're insane if you hop off this and don't take it don't take it up on this so that's it guys alright so everybody give me a back fat X if you liked it I got to give away 20 20 I got give away Tariq 20 20 who's been the craziest dude on here who's been the craziest guy I'm scrolling through I got to get the Falcon punch

================================================================================
TITLE: $8,000 A Day Facebook Ad Targeting Step By Step
VIDEO ID: RvKFN2xUMow
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvKFN2xUMow
================================================================================

what is up guys this is alex becker CEO of market hero do you guys like my cool title i have to say to every at the start of every videos you know i'm a really important guy but beyond this this video is important because i'm gonna show you the key to generating five thousand eight thousand ten thousand dollars a day on facebook ads I'm gonna take you inside of the account where we spend about two to three thousand dollars a day and make about five six eight some days on a really good day ten K back and the thing I want to stress on this video and the reason why I'm making this video is when a lot of people out market here I'll have huge interest in Facebook ads and with our new Facebook sinking feature that sinks your email list up with all your retargeting lists and everything on Facebook automatically I want to talk about this little bit a bit more so I see everybody who's trying to do this they over complicate and they miss how Facebook Ads are supposed to work Facebook ads are designed to do most of the heavy lifting in the targeting for you once you give Facebook a little bit of data and so what I'm gonna show you right here is this ad account where I'm spending two to three thousand dollars a day but what you're gonna see is so shockingly different than a lot of people's ad accounts you make far less a day from Facebook than we do and I want to stress that Facebook is one of many ad platforms we use it only represents about twenty percent of our traffic that being said a lot of people are making far less than us have extremely complicated Facebook ads set ups their their keyword I'm gonna use the word keyword an interest and unchangeably because I work more most an hours but the target they do is is so all over the place so finely tuned and you really don't want to do that what you want to do is give Facebook a little bit of data and then give them a big ass net and then that's going to allow you to go out there and get tremendous results so what you're gonna see in this ad account is it's almost it's only five or six ad sets we're the very basic targeting and I'm gonna show you the target behind that and how I use that targeting to get leads at a huge discount very cheap leads and you need to understand Facebook's scaling limits and everything that i'ma break down this video but more importantly I mentally go out there and spend two three thousand dollars a day get hundreds and hundreds of leads in and make a five six eight sometimes 10k day return and that's why I may be breaking down this video that's what I'm gonna be doing and if you really like this video you should be sure to open more of our emails and you should definitely buy market hero go check out the free trial it's amazing below so let's get into this content all right boys and girls we are now inside my computer it's a very cool place there are there's free drinks there's chimpanzees juggling fire and there's even cookie so you're watching this from a video so you can't see all this so just just take my word on it so oh I know you're really excited about the cookies now I didn't mean to distract you but what we're gonna get into right now that is worth your attention because I'm gonna be showing you really the nuances of Facebook advertising and like I talked about in the intro and I'm not gonna I'm not gonna try and repeat myself too much here but a lot of Facebook advertising can be done without targeting a single key word slash interest okay and we use the word key word an interest interchangeably because you need to understand that 80 percent of my traffic comes from Adwords and other platforms Facebook is just one of many things I use but I want to show you since this is what most people get started on and the thing I want to point out first is we're inside this ad account right here and you can see this ad account easily is spending about two thousand dollars a day and I want to break down one thing not none of my interest is or and none of my groups right here the only one is really targeting keywords is this bad boy right here and this isn't even like our major one you can see I really didn't run too much going on right here and so if we actually go and like look at this campaign sir this one right here is targeting just basic basic interest basic keywords and stuff like that but what you're gonna see in a lot of my other groups is it's literally not even just carbon copied a similar audience so if you actually go and look at this audience right here and this is where I'm really be talking about the day's similar audiences and retargeting because this is where the real magic is at because you can see what I'm doing is is this is just a look-alike audience and you can see I'm getting tons of registrations at a great Cpl right here and that's it and so what I'm gonna break down here isn't super advanced Facebook advertising because honestly this account right here a two thousand bucks a day usually makes me about six to eight thousand dollars a day back so that that's great that's great by most people's standards and I want to distress it you don't really need to be doing anything crazy to get to eight to 10 K a day earned on Facebook ads you don't have to be doing something crazy or finding some loophole you can just literally use similar audiences and stacked targeting so that's what I want to get into so before we do this though I to break down kind of a revolution and how I viewed ads and really think that makes a little difference so you're viewing this on the market your website right now so I'm assuming that you have an email list so there you have three types of audiences that I'm just gonna listen this video that you can reach and make a significant ROI on and just immediately and blow up your business all right so you have your email list which you can reach for free you have your visitors that come to your website and then you have these people via retargeting so what does this mean the two people that are going to be most likely to buy something from you and the easiest to engage with are going to be people that are on your email list or people that visit your website the end but the thing is if we want to reach people on our email list we can only do so often do it so often with emails you need to understand that that's the one downfall of emails if I send my email lists the same exact after every single day for 30 days it's gonna lead to massive disengagement the same exact thing and problem with visitors is you really only have one shot at them and you can't market to them too much and the thing is most people do not really reuse retargeting for their email lists and their visits the way they should what a lot of people do is they think oh I'm gonna run an ad or something but I want to get new customers and what you need to understand is if you start trading retargeting like an email list where you scratched out the offers you change up the offers you you hit them with something new every single week it's one of the easiest ways to blow up your business now what we can also then do to acquire new customers is we create lists of people that are very similar to our retargeting of our email and visits and then we use various types of interests tacking or just heck the audience to go out there and do that now one thing I also want to stress is the more the more registrations the more conversions that your Facebook pixel records the more powerful it gets so let's imagine you have a pixel in its day one and what you want to do is you want to start targeting people on your email list you want to start targeting your visitors immediately because what's gonna do is it's gonna build up your pixel and kind of give them a screen shot of who your perfect customer is once you have about a thousand the two thousand let's just say conversions people opting onto your email is opting into your your webinars opting into your optin this pixel is gonna be very very very useful it's gonna allow you to go out there and do that kind of stuff so what you want to do first off when we're doing face week I'm gonna break down in the ad account how they actually do these things it's first off you want to upload your email list you want to upload our place retargeting pixel on your website and you want to start running opt-in ads to those customers why do you want to do it so you can follow up with them after they opt-in and do the funnels now here's the cool thing about market here first off every single person that joins your email list is automatically added to your Facebook audiences okay so you can actually very effectively market to people that are on your email is just by syncing it with market here and we have a Facebook sink inside there if you want to go check that out there's a free trial to market here a blow among all the other things it does like tracking your LTV tracking your conversion tracking all the things that you need to actually run Facebook Ads effectively those numbers are pretty much not not up for debate you need to have your LTV and you know how it's your your emails are making you but if we sink this from market hero what's gonna do is it's gonna automatically update the email list for us and then the visits are gonna automatically be updated for us as well and so we want to start running opt-in as to these people and a really good example of a great opt-in that you can run it for is for webinars or for a free book offer or something to get some opt-in then they're sold to after that and these people are gonna be very cheap to get the up in and their conversions gonna be very high so what this allows you to do right here is just add another facet of your business where you're selling if you have an email list of 80,000 people I guarantee you're only really reaching about 40,000 people on that email list just because you know not everybody's gonna be open their emails so the way you reach that other 40,000 is you hit them up on Facebook you hit them up on Adwords so you hit the visitors on your website and more importantly what we want to do is if a person visits your website we want that email we need that email so what you need to do is you need to be hitting them up with an opt-in immediately after they visit your website so you can start building up your email list and what's gonna happen is your pixel is going to start tracking all this and it's gonna allow your pixel to become very hyperactive a very hyper targeted allow you to always you could just literally target just a big broad audience and you can still get conversions at a good rate because the pixel knows who to look for so once we have this in place guys what we want to do is we want to create three types of audiences okay we want to create these basic similar audiences we want to create similar to visit audiences all right so we want to have similar to our email list and similar to visits those are two types of audience and we want to do similar stacked audiences and this right here is more than enough depending on your business to spend up to two thousand three thousand five thousand a day depending on how large your niche is okay I work in a pretty small niche which is internet marketing which you might think is really huge but compared to something like weight loss or skincare or just general niches out there it's it's a little tiny niche so let me show you how we do that so in this video I'm not gonna get into uploading your email list that can actually be automatically synced to be a market hero I'm not gonna get into adding a retargeting pixel to your website I'm not gonna get into creating similar audiences those are all things that can be easily solved just by watching a simple tutorial video and I don't want to waste your time doing that if you need help doing that I've went to some tutorial videos below this video on the block what I want to talk about is simply making the audiences to convert because if you know this right here you're gonna do pretty well so what we want to do is you want to go and when you crane your ad focus on conversions now there's all sorts of creative cool things you can do with all these options but again I'm trying to keep this simple because again it you don't need to be worrying about complicated stuff until you're making 5,000 10,000 bucks a day off your ads that's just that's just how it is you don't need to do complicated stuff to make large amount of monies on Facebook you large modem who knows you just don't need to at least not from what I'm doing and I'm working in a very competitive niche so I'm gonna just do name this you know demo and what we're gonna do for conversions is I'm gonna set the conversion up to our complete registration pixels you can see anybody that opsin triggers his conversion and face we're kind of records who they are what they're doing and everything like that so that's fine great this is what we want the pixel to do so the pixel we already have a first layer of targeting just using this pixel right here now the next thing you want to do is you want to target our similar audiences okay so the first step of audience we want to create is just simply look-alike a to our email list that's it okay we can create an ad just doing this we create the ad we go and pump it out we start with that right away that's one audience right there that we can scale to a lot of money every single day it's over it's over 3.4 million people now one thing you wanted to uncheck is you this depends on you you either want to check or uncheck this so to expand interest this is an easy way to keep it going past the 3.4 million people you can expand it right here on Facebook go find people using your pixel on this layer you need to understand it right here this looks like very little targeting but we have one layer of targeting right here we have another layer of targeting right here and we can even close this off right here I like to keep it expanding because they will go and find new customers and stuff now the next targeting what you want to do that can't scale quite as far as you want to do a 2% look-alike of our email list and visitors okay so we want to create items for both these this is really big and really broad and so the way we double down on this is we want to go in let's say I want to target everybody that let's say i'm i'm in the marking so let's just do anybody that likes MailChimp okay so if I want to find perfect people that are good for my autoresponder anybody that also likes MailChimp so they have to follow the kind of hole in the profile the complete registration they have to look like the look-alike and they also have to like MailChimp now if you really want to narrow this down you're looking at a cheap budget you can super do it so I'm going to say anybody that likes MailChimp and Mike Dillard since he's an authority kind of on email marketing so this layers it down so I have a potential reach of 15,000 people so if I'm looking only to spend about a hundred bucks a day this is an amazing audience right here because it's hyper hyper hyper targeted now the next type of audience and so what we can then do is we're gonna make several of these types of audience so I can do everybody likes MailChimp and likes Frank Kern okay and I can I can create tons of these little audiences and put out 25 to 50 bucks a day into that so that is how you go out there and target that now one thing to understand is I usually don't even go down to that narrow targeting I'll just add a few people in here like alright so they have to look alike my audience and then they have to like like let's just type in Russell Brunson so weird it doesn't show up when we do it all right so they have to like get response Infusionsoft one of these things right here okay so that gives me a big ol list of people to go after and make a 25 $200 a day audience now the thing you want to understand Facebook Ads is the way to really scale it is once you get to a certain point what ads they're not gonna scale anymore for example this audience right here if I if I try and spend $500 a day on the sidings it doesn't scale and what that means is it's kind of like you built an engine they can only go 30 miles per hour and once you try and start making a go 5060 miles per hour it starts to break down you need to be aware of this and so when you're gonna be looking at your ads as these audiences scale and scale you know depending on the size of the people it's gonna stop and you want to create more audiences so if I get to let's just say with this audience right here if I get to $50 a day and the CPL styling is good but if I bump it up to 100 bucks a day in the Cpl goes to crap what I want to do is lower it back down to 50 bucks a day and make another audience it looks like I don't know maybe people that like names are my competitors so I'm gonna type in that's just to you know Frank Kern and we'll just do all sorts of other marketers and stuff that pop up right here so you can I can do you know Tony Robin and these triple layers are dead so I view this the way to scale is you create more audiences and more target you don't try and scale one audience to 5000 bucks a day that's just not how it works it bottoms out eventually now finally the last tip I want to give you is you want to have a retargeting pixel on your opt-in page and so what you want to do is you got to understand the goal of when you're running ads is to get people in this cheap please possum the people are gonna be able to get in and cheaply as possible people that have already clicked your ad and showed interest and so what you can do is you can also create an audience that targets people that abuse your opt-in and what you want to do is we target them with another ad saying hey look I know I saw you clicked on this I know you're interested but you didn't opt-in so let me throw in a book let me throw in a goodie let me throw on something that gets you over the edge and so you need and you target those people and so that's gonna get you another audience so every single ad you're running let's imagine you reach 20,000 people day you know 3,000 of them opted in those 17,000 other people are still interested people on the fence and that's how you can go out there and completely overhaul and this really works in any niche if you're doing e-commerce if you're doing internet marketing if you're doing any any type of direct marketing type niche out there this is how you do it and the only difference didn't switch between us if you're doing e-commerce is you're simply using the purchases or add to carts you can use add to carts or purchases to create your kind of pixel right here and there you go so I would ask you all with add the carts because then you can get a little bit bigger of an audience and get more data for to look like that's is to it another thing to do with your Shopify store upload your email lists upload your visitors if a person visits your site that means they're pretty interested you want to retarget the heck out of those people so these are some really quick tips on how to create really effective Facebook audiences they can get you the five to eight thousand ten thousand dollars a day ROI once you get to that you might need to get a little bit more creative or you might just need to do more of the same for example if I was in the skincare niche or something right now I could use these these audience that go super broad I could create audiences of three five million people and then use my pixel plus some interest retargeting to go out there and really really nail that down so you need to understand this is such a weapon and bigger niches and so this is all there is today and one thing I want to break down is market hero automatically syncs your email list to Facebook it goes and um builds these audiences for you it also tracks the ROI you're getting from every single email that comes in and so you're able to see ok cool yesterday I got 50 emails I spent two hundred fifty dollars getting those emails but I made three hundred twenty dollars back and over time I make about a thousand dollars back from those fifty you knows market here allows you to see those things and so what I encourage you to do right now is click below this video whether you're using Shopify or whether you're just doing general email marketing and watch the videos on market here on see what it can do for your Facebook advertising because we've designed this literally to be the Facebook AdWords advertising best platform for paid advertisers and for Shopify users so go and check it out there's a hundred percent free trial below they also gives you a 100% free course on whether it is advertising or Shopify whatever you're looking for so this has been becker ii you create those ii you create those free trials those courses will actually be delivered to your email and that's all i got on this video check back next Sunday for some more market hero value Sunday content till then take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: Instantly Improve Shopify Stores Sales By 30-50% (3 Easy Steps)
VIDEO ID: KSNirY_oOS8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSNirY_oOS8
================================================================================

[Music] hashtag urination what is going on this is Alex Becker CEO of this whole market hero thing and today I'm going to show you three simple tactics you can use to increase any Shopify store actually any online business by 30 to 50 percent now before we get going I know this whole shooting setup isn't exactly professional but our studio is not set up yet but I just wanted to kind of drop by and say hi before we hop into my computer over here and get in the content I also want to show you the new market hero phone cases they're pretty cool they increase your signal strength by like 20% - but besides that what is up guys if I'm in my computer right now and let's get into this tactic all right guys we're inside my computer and we're looking at the whiteboard of truth and justice and I'm just gonna get right to it I'm gonna show you the instantly increase your Shopify revenue and this video is gonna be very quick because what I'm gonna show you here isn't complicated then when you apply this to your store it's gonna take you probably about a minute two minutes to actually apply but this is going to overnight increase your sales by thirty to fifty percent so there's four things we can do and I've I've arranged these all out right here on how we can go out there and really kill it so here's the first thing you do and it's it's the easiest of course but this is what most Shopify sellers are doing they're they're running a Facebook ad okay and then we're gonna send this Facebook ad to our store and from the store someone's gonna pay us ten bucks okay so this looks pretty good especially if we're only paying five bucks to get that $10 sales it's a two xry this is fantastic it's actually not because most Shopify sellers are only sending one or two emails a month if that okay we've worked with a lot a lot of stores and about 85% of stores are not sending any emails and in fact there's only about probably 5% stores that are doing their email marketing correctly but this is the first thing you need to remedy this so this person comes through you have their email address you know they would like to stuff and your store they're gonna buy it so what do you do you maybe send them some content and information to make them like your store a little bit more let's imagine they come here and they buy a t-shirt that says hey I like camping we cinema maybe a video on something that teaches them about camping and then maybe the week after that we send them right back to our store to buy maybe a ten dollar flashlight or something like that just simple situation right here has increased our ROI from our ad from just five dollars to fifteen dollars now if we can go again send some more content to them and then send them to another $10 offer and I'm just really dumbing this down of course not all of our offers gonna be ten bucks but what have we done right here we've got to turn us into $25 ROI and so instead of going out there and just getting a 1 X are 100 percent ROI we've gone out there and nearly tripled quadrupled the ROI we're getting so let me show you how to do this inside of your store so I'm gonna do this with our official market hero and alex becker emerge store and show you how i'm actually going to improve sales from my Shopify store doing this so right now we're looking at my store right here we're inside the dashboard and what I've done is I've already connected this store to market here own so what I want to do first off is I want to go and make it so that anybody who checks out for my store automatically has products attached to them so what I'm gonna do is I'm going to turn on automatic sales tagging and so whenever somebody checks out it's gonna sign a tag to them in market hero so I can separate people by what they've bought and what they haven't bought and actually calculate their value to me but more importantly we just want to hit this option first and the next thing I'm going to do is hit import previous customers so what this is gonna do is it's gonna download every single customer in my store that is bought in the past now what I also want to do is I want to import previous products and then I want to import previous orders now more on why I did those other features here in a second but what I can now do is I can go into my app and here's the really cool thing you can see I've actually gone and download every single person that's bought something from my store but I can see exactly who's bought something and more importantly what I can do right now so first things first I want to see exactly what store they came from when I'm doing this so I'm just gonna tag them hero merch so I know exactly where they came from but now what I can do is I can come on over to my broadcast tab and automatically go out there and email every single person's came to my store so let's imagine every week every Monday I just send them a weekly discount or something like that doing that alone will instantly increase my sales 10 to 15 percent overnight just a simple tactic but here's where things start to get really fun so the next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna go down and we're gonna do segment and mailing so we want to see who's bought what and sell them what they haven't bought so let's imagine I have two t-shirts at my hero merch store okay so I got t-shirt number one and I got t-shirt number two now obviously what I want to have happen when a person comes to and buys t-shirt number one I don't just want them to just go away forever what I want to do is I want to then sell them t-shirt number two because they're probably interested in buying something else and people that buy t-shirt number two I want to sell them t-shirt number one just doing this let's imagine we have a Facebook ad right here and someone comes and buys a product from us cost us again $10 we profit or $10 we generate in revenue and it costs us $5 to get them there so we just made 5 bucks but an easy way to make another 10 bucks is to then say hey you like this shirt maybe you want to buy this shirt and boom we just made another $10 so how we do that that is so so cool inside of this is we're gonna go over to our lead section and what you can see is I can see exactly what people have bought ok I can see exactly how much they bought of it everything they bought everything like theirs so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go and take this tag and I'm gonna bring it on over to our broadcast tab I'm gonna go and select everybody that has this tag you can see boom right there there's that one guy but doesn't have let's just say this t-shirt I'm just gonna select a random one let's just do Hero iPhone ok let's say they haven't bought the iPhone case yet so they just bought the hoodie they have about the iPhone yet so I'm going to remove anybody that has this but hasn't bought this so right there what this is gonna show normally because I haven't sold enough iPhone coverage from my store yet I kind of suck at it but let's imagine right here I have 200 people that have bought this and I have 20 people that have bought this it's gonna remove those 20 and I can send them a message now saying hey you just picked up the hoodie why don't you get the phone case to go with it boom segment and targeted mailing that allows me to segment my customers and sell them what they haven't already bought so that alone right there will again increase our sales by another 10 to 15 percent just doing that because you're getting people that haven't bought something to buy something else now the easiest thing we can do again is if a person comes from our store from a Facebook ad and then they come to our cart and I'm just gonna make a really ugly cart symbol right there that says this is just gonna be our cart they come to our cart and they don't check out they just abandon the cart so they just go somewhere else so what we want to have happen so we then do is we can come back to our Shopify integration market here oh and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna set it so that if they come in and don't do this so and set minutes that I want the cart abandonment to work I'm gonna so if they don't check out within 10 minutes of starting check out what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send them a specific email and so I can select a Bandhan cart draft email that I will send them and so when they go and do this an email will be symptom say hey dude you didn't quite check out you know maybe maybe you want to follow up maybe you want to come back and check this out this is the easiest easiest way for us to go and recapture these people and this is just a incident way to increase our sales by an easy 5% easy you just follow up and say hey dude you didn't check out maybe you want to finish your check out now the next thing I want to show you is very cool and then I'm gonna get into something very advanced it allows you to just dominate with advertising but the next coolest thing is up cells and down cells so what we can do right here is inside the app you can have a tag applied whenever a person starts to check out so if the tag hero merch is applied what's gonna happen when they start check out or do anything in my store the second I get their email the tag hero merch is gonna be applied now what we can do is we can go and create a upsell stream so what's gonna happen is I'm gonna create a stream right here and whenever two tag market hero is applied from Shopify what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have it removed from all streams I'm gonna go hero merch they wouldn't want to have happen is I'm gonna have it wait one hour okay I'm gonna have it wait one hour now what it's gonna do after a person checks out is it's gonna follow up with them and upsell them something so let's imagine we know our most popular product is our hoodie so what it's gonna do is it's gonna send out an email now what this email is gonna do is it's gonna send them and I'm not gonna write the hell entire email right here but I just could create a new template right out my email what this email is gonna do is it's gonna sell them our hero hoodie I have to wait 24 hours at least wait one day now what it's gonna do at this point in time is it's gonna wait and see if the person bought the hoodie or not so we're gonna do a sort by tag and if they go through right here and they have bought the hoodie okay if they have bought the hoodie I'm just gonna put in hero hoodie black there we go and what its gonna do is it's gonna see if they bought it or not so let's do this if they do buy the hoodie we're gonna send them to an upsell and we're gonna sell them the iPhone case see how that works now if they don't buy the hoodie what we're gonna do is we're gonna send them a down so we're gonna send maybe a coupon for 20% off of the hoodie now we can endlessly and infinitily do this we could actually just keep doing the down so over and over again if the person still doesn't buy we can have it wait another day and I'm not gonna fill out these ones cuz you kind of get the gist I can have it sort by tag again to see if they bought it now if they do finally buy it then we can send them directly to our upsell boom we can send up to the up so again if not we can send me even better discount like hey we'll give you 50% off but you have to act now then on the discount we can do the same exact thing we can have it wait one day and and if it doesn't go if we don't go and sell that iPhone case what can we then do we can upsell them again so we can sort by tag okay and so if they do have it let's just say if they've bought by now we're just gonna stop selling to them so if they do buy it we're just gonna go to stop if they don't buy we sit in one last email giving them a discount on that iPhone case this right here is humongous when I was skinning my star in internet marketing the easiest way to increase how much money you made from a product launch was just adding an upsell this is adding an upsell and then down sells this completes a trifecta and this right here will easily add another 10% to what's going on in your store now finally what I want to show you is a secret thing I wasn't playing the show in this video but it's called L T V and this is what it means so what I can easily see now that I pulled all my sales data and all my customers in the market here is I can easily see all right I want to see everybody that is coming from my store hero merch all right well we got 25 people now I want to calculate exactly how much they're worth to me on average every single one these people is worth 11 dollars and 59 cents to me but what I'm gonna see over the next few months is I sent email sim these people are gonna keep coming back to my store what's gonna happen is they're gonna keep buying more and more and I'm gonna suddenly see dude when a person comes to my store and begins checkout on average they come back and buy more products and so I'm gonna gradually see this number go up and up and so let me put out a scenario to you let's imagine right now we're on Facebook and we're selling a ten dollar t-shirt in order to make this product even work we need at least at least get someone there for five bucks we need to make we need to spend five dollars to get a ten dollar sale now let's imagine this our competition gets really fierce and the only way we need a ten dollar sale is by spending ten dollars but let's imagine these people then come back and we're able to track everything we're buying we're saying WOW every single person that bought for example let's just do this one right here let's just do this tag for this this t-shirt right here so we have one person let's imagine this person right here it costs if they're LTV for me right now is $56 so I go right here hit generate LTV this person is only one person who's bought something so far so they're worth $56 to me but then let's imagine this person comes back and buys another t-shirt and buys another t-shirt I'm gonna go WOW for every 50 six dollar sale this person on average comes back and spends twenty more dollars on my store so if we apply this right here and we say okay so we just made a $10 t-shirt but I know every person with a ten dollar purchase on average comes back and spends about twenty dollars more with me what does this do our competition has to stop their ads but we don't have to because if we spend ten dollars to make a ten dollar sale we know on average this person is going to come back and spend another 20 bucks with us so what can we do we can outbid our competitors and still stay profitable even when all of our competitors go oh man it's too expensive now to get a sale we can go no it's not every person comes back to the store and over time spends 20 bucks with me in the next two months and in the next six months spends 40 bucks with me and this changes how we do everything because every big brand online usually breaks even on their ads most big brands spend ten dollars to make ten dollars but then what happens is they email their customers afterwards and they keep sending them and they make another ten dollars and then they keep yelling again make another ten dollars they make another ten dollars and they know this and so they know on average for every ten dollar customer they acquire that person on average is gonna spend 40 bucks with them and this changes the entire game and everything I just showed you takes a few clicks to do inside of market here oh that's it that's how easy this can be that's how simple this can be and so that's all I wanted to do for you guys today I wanted to give you this training and show you four methods actually five methods right now that you can use to increase your sales automatically now I'm not gonna do a hard pitch here to you guys I'm not here to do that but what we've done for you guys is I've gone and created a 100% free Shopify course that breaks down how to do each of these methods and way more detail okay and if you click the link somewhere around this video if you click the link it will take you to a page where all you have to do is simply sign up for a free trial market here this is 100% free you can cancel at any time you are not gonna have to spend a dime and what you can do is you can go through this course and add these tactics to your store and you can see the results and then once you see the results if you like them you know maybe keep market here I'll keep the course if you just want to get the course and get the course and cancel market here I don't care what you do I just want to give you guys some awesome value in this video so this has been Alex Becker CEO of market hero and overall pretty neat guy and I really hope you enjoy this video and this right here I just want to really stress whether sign up for market here or not whether you check it out you need to understand we're working with stores that are doing 500,000 a million a month and applying these tactics adds instantly an extra 20 to 30 percent in revenue that's 200,000 300,000 months we apply this to a store that's making fifty thousand a month it increases it to a $70,000 per month store and you don't have to spend any more money on advertising you don't to do anything else I am begging you whether you hop on this or not apply this to your store and start emailing because the number one way to make more money from your business and the easiest customers to get to spend more are the customers you already have so it's been Becker I'll catch ya on the flipside amigo pal buddy okay I mean I don't have an awkward non awkward way to end this video so I'm just gonna end it right now

================================================================================
TITLE: 2017 02 17 14 11 30 Rankings In 24 Hours Webby
VIDEO ID: 4dt31BcM9a4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dt31BcM9a4
================================================================================

all right guys welcome to uh it's Friday 2:11 some guy was like just ask me like hey Becker is this live because I I don't know guys don't ask me if this webinar is live I will boot you from the webinar I this is this is 100% live I'm gonna make so many mistakes it's gonna be the worst webinar you ever attended you don't even have to ask just kidding but anyways guys what's going on this is Becker and welcome to the too fast webinar where we're going to be doing some really fast crazy rankings I actually have them all pulled up right here now on top of that guys if you stay the end I'm going to be giving you a list of the 25 best SEO Freelancers on conquer you also get free access to a rank tracking software that we have for one month so you get some cool bonuses on top of this and guys we're about to actually pack out the room so if you do leave you're probably not going to get your spot back and that blueberry smoothie is making me burp so you can totally see this is gonna live this is totally live because I'm gonna like burp like five times but guys I like to start every webinar by telling every single person in the webinar and I don't know why this slide is right here Greg is not on this webinar but I have to tell everybody here look if you follow one of these categories you might have to just leave the webinar because you're taking someone else's seat if you're a skeptical don't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tire kicker if everything I tell you in this webinar you're not going to go out there and apply this webinar is not going to benefit you and you're just basically wasting my time and your time being here so just leave if your mind is locked in some unchangeable SEO Theory and you're going to question every live ranking and all the proof I showing this webinar you're a dick just get out like don't be one of those people I don't have time for you you don't even have time for this go do something that benefits your life and if you're on Facebook right now you're in some political debate you're watching cat videos you're on your cell phone you're watching some adult website get out of here because we just capped out 500 people and we could use the space so if you don't this isn't for you just go go it's no hard feelings because what we're going to be getting into today is something that a lot of people want to see because we're going to show you how to rank sites for terms in as little as 30 minutes now what we're also going to show you to do is how to make and monetize these terms with super high payout methods we're basically going to show you to make a network of these types of terms that generates a full-time income passively now before we get into this guys I don't like using using the word p the word passive income it's a real Buzz word for me because a lot of people get into internet marketing seeking a way not to work if you're trying to start a business and your goal is not to work it's kind of an oxymoron it doesn't work out I'm going to show you guys a way to kill it if you bust your butt in this webinar it's extremely easy to do that can bring you in passive income that being said I don't support that type of mindset you need to be going after and when you see this webinar you shouldn't be thinking I can sit around and play World of Warcraft all day should be thinking I'm going to go kill the world this helps me a very quick into to Theo webinar we're going to be in and out about 30 minutes because you have stuff to do I have stuff to do so and what you're going to see in this webinar is going to be very cool and in fact what you're going to see is and what you're going to know how to do is you're going to know how to rank sites in the next two days you're going to know to rank about 30 sites first page in the next two days and exactly how to monetize them you're going to know how to make 60,000 a deer off of the easiest terms on planet Earth through anybody in this inire Bernar regardless of where you are and your SEO skills can go out there and rank for these terms on top of that you're going to see and know to be you're going to know how to go out there and rank for hundreds of terms in any day you choose okay and that that sentence right there doesn't you'll be able to rank for hundreds of these terms a day okay let me back up we're actually going to show you in this webinar how you can go out there and rank for hundreds of these terms in a day if you choose and I'm actually going to show you a way to blow clients Minds with this and make it much more likely that they sign on and work with you you're also going to know how to sell the traffic from these terms for as much as $400 per lead and I'm going to show you a tactic that almost guarantees clients join you and allows you to get them really fast results and actually get them business and more people coming in to justify the amount you charge your clients every single month and I'm also going to show you to automate the entire process now how many people here I have a question for you if you simply had ano tactic that worked and was rinse and repeat and you could just do over and over and over again give me one if you think you could probably scale that the fulltime if every time you did this tactic it added $60 a month to your income give me one if you think you could probably scale that to $5,000 a month just Brute Force just sit at your computer for five hours straight there you go everybody should be hitting one that's actually most people people's dream a lot of people get into internet marketing it's not that they're afraid to work it's just stuff they're doing isn't rinse or repeat it's not something you can scale it's not something you can grow it's just wishy-washy and all over the place but guys we just agreed right here like let's say you really had a tactic that every day you do this it adds around $60 a month to your income could you patiently do this and scale this to $6,000 a month that would take you about a 100 days at this pace the scale to that level and I think everybody here could do that and the goal of this webinar is to give you just that it's going to show you exactly how to go out there and give you a rinse and repeat tactic that is easy to monetize and you can go out there and use over and over and over again now guys what I like to do in every single SEO webinar there's a lot of people I'm sure have been into events watch some Blog watch some guy actually just watched some video this was not Ty Lopez I like Ty a lot but there some I watched some video of some guy on YouTube he's waking up in some giant mansion talking about how great his SEO rankings are he didn't show a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ranking he didn't show a single ranking they can't be that great but give me next if you've ever experienced that and it's just like that that drives me nuts that drives me bonkers guys I'm going to go through all these rankings I just talked about in the email but what I want to show you and you guys have seen give me one if you've already seen all the rankings Greg has you know we ranked number one for New York SEO you know we rank number one for all these competitive terms we show them every single webinar look if you've never been to one of our webinars before go attend one next week or what we saw in the replay before uh because it breaks down like 20 different competitive terms you rank for and if you want me to I'll even go over those at the end of the webinar we don't have any problems showing them live just what I'm going to show you is about 45 first page rankings so we don't necessarily have time for that so what I decide to do guys or what we talked about in the actual warmup for this webinar let me go look at this right here as I told you we were going to go out there and rank 30 sites for 30 different terms first page and we're going to do it in 24 hours so let's just do that I I told you guys we would do that live and I'm going to actually break this down for you step by step now a lot of these terms you're going to see you're going to be scratching your head how do we monetize these and in this webinar I'm going to show you not only how we rank these for in 20 hours actually about 30 minutes time every single one and how you can do this by the end of this webinar I'm also going to show you how to generate about $60,000 a year from these terms or more if you stick with it so let's just go through it what we're going to look on every single one of these pages is you're going to be looking for these little red boxes right here and so we did this by going and using a tool that I created called Source machine and I actually used my best outsourcer his named Superstar SEO I'll actually link to you to his gig on conquer I'm also going to show you guys a free way to do this but what we're going to show you right now is just these rankings and so yesterday I hit him up and said dude let's load up Source machine let's go get 30 of these rankings he said cool about an hour later he's like all right we're done we're all ranking first page so let's just go through it so here's one right here myle Beach fire damage repair that's about like 10,000 5,000 or more dollars per job you can see right there ranked number one or not not ranked first page 20 hours you can see here Plano marketing Plano video marketing Services ranked number one in 19 hours you can see Taber City Gardener ranked number one in 18 hours you can see bennettville Mobile Mechanic rank number one 18 hours most of these videos actually took 30 minutes to rank you can just see that's is when they were uploaded you got little river fence company 18 hours you got Li River home security specialist 17 hours you got btown Tyle and Gro number three 17 hours you got pool care right here 17 hours uh I'm not even going to say 178 hours more got Cherry Grove mowing company solar panel installation uh calage podiatrist ranked on the first page right there one day Timmonsville dry cleaner right there Pageland SEO number one this will at least get him probably another client this year uh you can see neology position right there actually I think that's just a random term I threw in you can see Clarin and B bonds first page right there you can see Loris email marketing you can see boom jumped up right there you can see mer inal mold removal you can see boom right here on the first page if we keep on going this is getting a lot you're going to see ply eyes water damage repair you can see this right here first number one actually uh uploaded yesterday and I'm actually show you make a killing with terms like this an absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] killing now that also means said guys you're El going to are that what am I even saying just too many terms it confuses me I'm a simple guy anyways right here we got Lumberton life insurance company R first page right there vinyl floor installation drug counc in Whiteville I'm actually show you to make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money with terms like that too you can see drywall repair same exact first page right there you can see motorcycle repair boom right there uh light fixture repair number one right there uh root canal number one right there rhinoplasty right there A's Credit Union right there it just keeps going uh upholstery auto upholstery right there number two and practical ADC guide going on Safari and there is 30 rankings now the next thing I want to do right here is I want to answer to two questions you probably have the first off is do these rankings actually stick here's from the last time we do that me and Chris will just sit down we've done this multiple times for examples and you can see right here here's one we uploaded last time we were doing this ranked in 24 hours this is a divorce attorney term right here you can see this person right here we ranked it in November it is now number one in this giant box right here you can see kenology we ranked in November still number one drug addiction counselor right here still on the first page and you can see water damage right here on the first page now guys how many people give me an X if you're already aaz you think that's pretty damn cool yeah that's pretty damn cool so guys give me a why right now if you're going to scratch your head you think this is a neat trick but how the hell do we monetize this okay that's a reasonable question and guys I'm not like that guy who woke up in the house and just leaves you like with a bunch of questions I'm going to answer all your questions here's how we monetize this look at this n right here water damage repair now guys let's imagine we went out one day and we did exactly what we just did right here but for only water damage repair if we went out there and got 20 rankings for terms like this can we assume that would probably get us two phone calls over a month just two phone calls just two phone calls asking for water damage repair give me one if it probably would that's very reasonable very easy so guys here's exactly how we would go out there and monetize this we go over to offer Vault right here and we type in water damage we got flood fire and water damage and you can see right here they're paying $32 per phone call boom just like that guys we just added $60 a month to our income give me a big fat X if you just see that no we don't even have to rent the video we just put in a a a phone number that we'll call them we'll redirect to these people boom we're making $32 a phone call now guys that what I just showed you took Chris about 30 minutes to do imagine if Chris had sto there for three hours now many you give me a big fat one if you want to see exactly how we did that and go deeper into this you're excited now you got a big fat SEO boner okay cool awesome so let's get into how exactly we did this that was a general game plan that I just broke down we rank these for very easy terms and then we go after and we sell the phone calls we sell the leads to local businesses or to CPA offers now how do we do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's actually really easy we just press a few buttons so the things we need to do this job okay and I'm using a lot of pictures in webinar okay this this is actually Link from Zelda and this is this is him discovering a source wave I like to think or it's or it's or it's a child in a skirt whatever you want to put it into um so anyways what we need to do this is we need a YouTube video that's easy we also need a video that looks a little bit something like this except in this video we want to make it maybe a little bit more PR uh professional and we might want to leave like a review or maybe like an actor or someone like saying hey man this if you want the best services this is actually where I went it's really good it's super simple and guys only way to do that it's so easy is you just go on over to conquer and all you're going to go over is you're going to go to the video section on conquer right here and you're simply just going to pay some going to make you a video see done for you animated local lead gen videos there you go easy as pie so that's done video is done now we're also going to need is we're going to need a few other dummy videos and so what we could basically do is make a bunch of videos that look like this so let me go back over here they look like this one okay and we just upload a bunch of them to YouTube you just change the time stamps on them and you just upload them across a bunch of channels on YouTube give me an X if you can do that that's pretty damn easy awesome all right so the next thing we're going to need is we're going to need a to tracking service and a website if we want we don't necessarily need a website for this um but let's just get in so call tracking all we're going to do to do that is we're going to go to Google and we're going to type in call tracking service and we're going to go get a troll tracking service for I think it's it's they're super cheap all right let me just look at the pricing right here okay so there's there's cheaper ones than this you could probably get this for much cheaper you can probably actually get a few phone numbers for free if you're starting out um but there's much much cheaper Services than car but you just get a simple called tracking service and what this does is when someone calls the phone number in your video it redirects that phone number to whoever you direct it to and you can track it give me one if you can do that I might even start a call tracking service that seems like a next good thing for Source wave I don't know uh that actually seems like a really good idea uh anyways so the next thing we're going to need guys is we're going to need an embeddable high Authority Network this is basically a network of web 2.0's and YouTube videos we can bet on to really quick so I'm going to show you to do that so the first thing we're going to do guys is we're going to pick a bunch of suburbs in our Niche now guys I could explain the what's the the Gen this this the right stuff the good stuff behind picking the right Niche but it's actually really easy you just pick a suburb and a longtail term okay you just pick a very small suburb and that's it you can go from there and we're going to give you a big list of suburbs um at the end of this webinar and a bunch of nich you can do this in specifically ones you can just sell the CPA offers so we're just going to pick our Target let's say our Target right here is water damage so let's go look at um let's see is this the one right here let's say let's say our yeah I want to I'm going to do water damage in this one because people don't believe me when I talk about how much money you can make in drug addiction guys if you go and look right here the normal pay per lead for drug addiction is like $300 I'm not going to talk about this webinar because the the numbers like get so stupidly High I'm like dude you just rank 50 videos you can make like 10K a month people like get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here I'm like but you really can but so we're gonna narrow it down we're going to talk about water damage that's going to be the example I'm going to use in this webinar because I actually have a friend who sells so many water damage leads so I kind of know it pretty well so what we do guys is we go and pick a term like water damage repair and fire damage repair those are really good ones right there and so we're going to go find a bunch of suburbs like poly Island all sorts of stuff like that just go to any state print out a list of every single suburb in the state okay so then we're going to do is we're going to upload our video to YouTube and it's going to be watched by a bunch of people uh who work at the Yavin 4 base uh this is kind of this is where they actually review the videos that they're put on YouTube I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you not okay i' I've been there this is what it looks like um this is actually they actually uploaded the Death Star plans in Rogue one to YouTube spoiler alert uh but anyways you upload your video to YouTube and then what we do guys is we either go out there and we link to our video from other videos or we simply just go out there and embed our videos all over the internet using a tool that I have called Source machine so I'm going to show you the freeway first because I'm a nice guy and I'm not going to be a dick and show you how to go and do this without showing you and saying y you just had to buy so guys if you want to do this for free here's all you do after you put up a video you you go to all your dummy videos that you just made and you paste your link in the YouTube video it's a little bit timec consuming and it's very tedious okay give me a give me an X if you can do that okay now you know the free method let me show you the turbocharge method so what you do right here is after we upload the video and we put the title the keyword in the title and we put the key the keyword in the description you can see The Talented SEO that we're doing right here all we do is we simply go on over to Source machine so you can see literally what we just ranked right here we went up and I had Chris go and do this for me so what source machine does is it goes out there and then basically we just load up the machine and we go out there and we just pump up all these videos right here we just go and basically we do one or two things what I prefer to do is you go out there and this is going to get you to the first spot okay if you're just linking from other YouTube videos it's going to be a little bit slower you might not see the instant results and you might get to the half like the middle of the page most of the time you can see we hit the number one spot a lot of the times so what we would do here is I'd have Chris load this up and we basically go and look at all the spots right here that got posted out to so if you can see right here when we click right here we're going to go on over down to let's look at um this one right here okay so you can see what's going on right here and so you can see Chris loaded this up and he basically posted it to all these sources right here that we put into this Source machine account um there you can go out there and have a variety we just posted a ton to these sites right here and you see basically every single the video get gets put up instantly when it gets put up it gets embedded on like a hundred different websites you can see like what are we looking at right here literally the videos we just ranked give me a one if you just see like the videos we just ranked right here you're looking at here exactly you can see the links to the YouTube videos and everything sitting right there and so we go and post on all these websites Tumblr uh stumble Pon a lot of social media spots and if you really want to finish it up and guys this was a rush job you go out there and you then post it on social media sources you then go out there and you also want to go and post it to a bunch of YouTube videos you can see right here for this example that we did right here you can see we went out there and we posted to a bunch of YouTube videos back right here I think this is an old account right here but if you go back right about here there we go what you're going to see I think this is an old account right there anyways what you're going to do is you basically want to go and post your YouTube videos on here and then you want to post to it so let me walk you through the overall process that we use to go out there and get all these Rankings today so essentially what you do is you're going to go right here and you're going to go first off to your accounts and you're going to add these accounts to your Source machine account so you can see we have a bunch of accounts already loaded up in here from these various sources that's it now you also want to go out there and you also want to go and one of my favorite things to do is go and upload a ton of YouTube accounts that works really well too I like to use a combination of YouTube and Web 2.0 when I'm ranking YouTube videos so after we've gone and create these accounts in there it's really easy to do you just go in and you're just going to add the simple stuff right here and boom you're connected it takes 10 10 seconds to do you can also pay someone five bucks to do it and then you're done so the next thing you're going to do right here is you're going to go and you're basically going to go and put in a camping name you don't even have to spin anything I could just put in let's just do water damage we're gonna go water damage is awesome and we're going to go put in whatever our domain URL is the YouTube video that we're linking out to let's just say I'm going to link to this post right here we're going to put our YouTube video right there we're going to embed our YouTube embed code right here let me actually show you that's done in case you don't know how to do that you should but some people don't and it's all right so you're going to go right here you're going to grab the embed code and you're going to go you're going to post it right here and then we're just going to go and basically put a few more details in here I'm just going to put in water damage water damage and C the keyword is water damage and then what happens right here guys is we simply choose the date we want to post and then we hit submit that's actually it that that's all there is to it give me an X like that's it it yeah that's all there is to it and so that's how we went out there literally and you saw it took me about 30 seconds to do like if I want to actually go out there let me let me just do this the right way this right here will actually get you ranked you don't need to be putting out quality content you can put out garbage let's just go out there I'm going to show you exactly how long it would take me to go and get this ranking right here we did it yesterday okay this is how long it would take all right best service poly okay if you are looking for water damage in poly you should I can't type should totally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] check this out I mean it's like OMG Fab and like they clean so so good man okay so that's exactly how you should you shouldn't submit that it probably won't come out like that but that that person's going to be very impressed with that review so what you're going to do then is we just paste in bed code like we talked about and I'm an idiot because I wasn't able to grab it over here I'm doing this all from my point of view guys you can see exactly how even a complete idiot could do this go in right here gonna grab my embed code jump over throw that in there boom and we're going to go no water no article spinning that's for that's for nerds and we're going to put the title water damage poly and preview description is the greatest decision I ever made in my life and done even messing that up multiple times and manually typing that all out it took me about 45 seconds to do that I I think I didn't time it out right there guys how many people could do that 30 times in a day give me a one if you could do that 30 times in a day with a different suburb and guys if I wanted to speed this up here's how I would do in a different suburb I'd change out Plano boom copy copy copy copy submit then I would go right here and type in Allen copy copy copy submit and that's it someone said someone said we could do it 100 times you should be able to do that 100 times I'm saying 30 times a day because I'm trying to cater to people that are kind of new to this okay that's it that's all we freaking do and I'm going to show you a bunch of other things Source machine does we automate traffic and that's how we go out there and rank a lot of YouTube videos we can go out there and post YouTube we can actually get competitive rankings with this but I'm just showing you the true potential because this is what I would do okay this is what this is like literally how I go out there like someone's like how do I make money with SE I'm like this is the easiest thing ever now basically once we do that guys we just do that that's it we do that over and over and over again how many people give me an X if you could do that someone said okay Obi-Wan thank you he's actually my favorite Star Wars character uh actually I think I'd be more of an Anakin fan from the Clone Wars like the the animated series The Clone Wars animated series is pretty good but guys how do we make money from this how do we make money from this give me a one if that's the big thing like this is a cool trick already but how do we make money from all these rankings right there all right look we go after high payout low search volume local and affiliate niches now here are my favorite ones lawyers rehab any kind of damage repair whenever a house gets messed up you can charge so much money to fix it plumbers any type of mechanic repairment anything like that surgery is amazing the only downside with surgery is you have to go out there and usually sell the phone calls directly you have to go out there and actually talk to somebody and anything where the job cost per customer is like $2,000 or more because the search FS usually aren't that high and when you go out to the little tall little small suburbs and stuff like that usually people in other seos don't go for those terms so it's so easy to rank for so let's put out a situation right here let's imagine guys our Niche right here is water restoration so we go out there and we're going to go and we're going to we're going to hook it up with let's say we're where is it right here which which side is this on there um I have to hop back over to W did I go and remove Offa let me hop over Okay so let's imagine right here our Niche is water damage we're going to hook it up with these guys right here who are going to pay us $32 per phone call now guys if I were to do this I would do rehab or drug addiction or lawsuits because guys they are paying $550 freaking dollars per lead okay Nationwide it doesn't matter what town you're in so that means if one of these people right here where's um let me go where's the term we were looking at here a second ago that means right here the person looking for drug addiction Counseling in Whiteville if they call this number right here and turn into a lead that means we get $550 no matter where they are give me an estimation Mark that's kind of exciting like isn't that like kind of like well I don't I don't almost believe that that's almost two damn easy yeah I thought you too I had a friend who went out there and made like a giant drug rehab site and got to like a thousand visitors a day and was making like 30,000 a month from the website within three weeks of ranking it so like I was like the rehab Niche is hilarious um so anyways let's get back to the webinar before I I get too too excited so let's imagine guys we go out there and where nich's uh is water restoration so I go out there and I rank one video okay one video just like we have done right here what's the result if we do that not too much Guys these are really ply small keywords that that video right there might get us two phone calls over the entire year which is actually pretty cool because it only took us 30 seconds to rank that video but the result we're going to get there when expressu means is skeptical cat okay that's not too impressive but let's imagine guys we sit down for 20 minutes can everybody here agree that we could go out there and we could probably do this about 30 times and probably following the pattern I just showed you get about 20 rankings Maybe 10 of them would fall off give me one if we could do that from 30 minutes of work totally reasonable okay so let's imagine we do that we sit down for 20 to 30 minutes and we go out there when we rank 20 videos for different water restoration terms give me next if we can all agree that 20 ranked terms on the first page would result in about two phone calls a month totally reasonable okay so what happens right here guys is those two phone calls $32 per call just right right I just showed you right here on our rev Vault not those ones $1,000 for doing that would be pretty cool but $32 a call awesome right there boom all right we just added $60 a month to our income now let's imagine guys for the next 20 days we did that every single day we ranked 20 rankings now guys you should be able to actually do like 200 rankings in a day don't don't judge me all right don't don't get your panties in a bundle with Source machine you can easily do hundreds of rankings a day anyways what goes on right here let's imagine we do that for 20 days straight we have 400 rankings by what we agreed on before guys give me one if it's completely reasonable those 400 rankings with the same exact conversion rates as the other ones will get us about 40 phone calls awesome we just grew our income but to $1,200 a month passively that's 12,000 that's over $112,000 a year by working 20 to 30 minutes a day now the result of that guys is a little bit nicer we got Mr Bean very nice okay that that we we're going up in the the meme world right here now let's imagine we just do this for 90 days straight 90 days straight we get 1,800 rankings that gets us a guys by our same metrics give me an next if from those 1,00 rankings we could expect about 180 phone calls a month totally reasonable not doing any not using any big numbers or anything that's that's ridiculous right there guys that would get us about 180 phone calls a month 180 phone calls times 30 equals $5,400 a month that's $60,000 a year passively by working 20 to 30 minutes a day is it give me give me an ex if that just blew your mind it's that simple we're not even we're not even having to talk to anybody we just send the phone calls to those people now here's the big kicker guys we can easily put up a 100 rankings a day and and this will take about a week or two to get to this point I'm not saying two weeks after this webinar you're going to be making 60k a year you might need to exper I don't I don't know what would stop you I really can't I can't imagine I'm not allowed to leave say man you're going to be making 60k a year right after this webinar but I don't know what can stop you because literally today I just showed you we logged in we can just log in strain The Source machine right here I just showed you we actually just went out there and did that like you can see right here the same exact rankings we just went through like literally here they all are drug addiction counselor or here's the one for drug addiction right here boom right there like I don't see what's stopping you because this took about this took Chris about 30 minutes to do so I don't know what's stopping you from doing this but we could go out there give me an ex give me a y if you would go out there and get 100 rankings away 100 rankings a day yeah everybody in this freaking webinar so guys here's the bigger kicker let me get a drink of my blueberry banana smoothie water damage is an example of a lower end Niche let's imagine we get in the rhinoplasty okay and you can sell this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for $100 a call no problem no problem why because a rhino surge rhal plastic surgery or surgeon makes about $5,000 from every single person that he does surgery on so give me a why if it's completely reasonable that they pay $100 per phone call they actually pay a lot more but I just want to be reasonable with everyone right here okay so guys if we go out there and we do the 20-day process and get 20 rankings a day 400 rankings 40 phone calls a month that's $44,000 a month passively in our first month now here's the funny kicker and this is what I would do you're not going to believe me because the numbers are too big but I don't see why you can't so look let's look at this Niche right here rehab let's imagine you go out there and they're paying $400 per phone call I'm not telling you this I'm not pulling this number out my butt they are literally paying you don't even have to like go out there and do anything they're paying like 400 bucks a phone call right here $400 per lead $400 per lead CU they make like so much money off every single person that comes in so it's totally worth it and it's really competitive Niche actually if you're selling that because people have to choose where they're going to go to anyways right here let's imagine we go out there and we get 20 rankings a day we get 400 rankings now guys I'm going to say I'm just going to lower the conversions just to lower the numbers a little bit let's say we only get 20 phone calls a month from those 400 rankings those 20 phone calls turn into 20 leads that is $88,000 a month passively from 20 phone calls I know it's seems [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy but the numbers all add up we've all looked at the numbers and we agree on this give me a one if that's just absolutely huge I know so many people they're in niches like this and this is how they make so much money from SEO this is how the richest seos I know actually make money they're not going out there ranking for these like car insurance and stuff they're going out there and finding niches like this and just sending tons of lawyers and tons of phone calls like that guys give me a why if you are not entertained like holy moly guacamole so guys this is all from Simply posting every day in Source machine that is it that's it and guys here's some bonus tactics we're going to get a few bonus tactics you can sell this on how many people here would pay 20 bucks to have someone do this on conquer for them give me one if that's you I don't know if you're a conquer seller or not but if you looked at this right now there's about 500 ones going off for now bonus tactic number one go out there and sell these types of rankings this type of SEO all these posting on conquer it's very in demand it's absolutely huge okay now back to the webinar number two you're talking to a client on the phone he goes you know I I I've been working with seos before but I I I haven't had a good experience give me an X if you've ever heard that people that had bad experience with former seos that they worked with yep well guess what how cool would it be if you said all right cool what I'm going to do is I'm going to rank you for term uh and I'm going to call you back in an hour and you call them back I'm say oh boom you're you're ranked or even cooler guys if you can go out there and say you know what you just came on as a client I'm Gonna Get You 10 rankings actually I'm Gonna Get You 20 rankings all over the state of Texas today so we can start getting you phone calls right now yeah that's a weapon right there give me a one if you think you could probably get a client to come around if you could do that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in front of him bonus tactic number two guys I'm going to show you exactly one of the key tactics between let me load up my channel real quick one of the key tactics behind how I grew my channel to over 5 million views and 94,000 subscribers last year so you're going to see on my channel I have these really quirky videos that go up there so I make a clickbait title okay I then go out there and I'll load up Source machine and I will go out there and I will post to about 200 Web 2.0 I'll embedded all over the place so then what I'm going to do guys is once the video gets a little bit of traction on YouTube what I'm going to do is I'm going to go on over to Source machine I have to go back over here now and what I do after posting it I'm going to go over here to traffic now what YouTube really looks at is interaction and time spent watching the videos and traffic clicking on the videos they look at clickthrough rates and so what I'm going to do right here is I'm going to go add this campaign this is like the highend stuff right here basically I'm just going to put this in click on the YouTube video and I'm just going to fill this out with just I'm just going to put in random stuff right here because we're running out of time on the webinar let me just load up a YouTube video real quick and we're GNA use uh does being a millionaire help you get laid okay uh so there we go so we're going to put this video on here and we're going put in campaign name example put in the URL there you go and we're going to do via search engine I'm going to do um Alex Becker just as the keyword and I'm going to select search in I'm going to YouTube and I'm just hit next step and what I can do here is I can set it to be about I can set it to about I don't know 50 people a day searching for it and I can have them go on there and spend a certain amount of time looking at the video and I can go on here and I can do geolocation tracking and have them coming through certain locations and so I put this order in and then once I set it off right there guys those people are going to go search for my keyword through that term every single day and increase the click through rate increase the watch time increase the people going out there and liking and watching my video and that is huge when it comes to ranking YouTube videos that's a really Advanced Tech and that's like one of the coolest things machine does but I just want to get into that give me a three if that's pretty damn cool yeah so really my question right here is is how many people here give me an X if you'd like a copy of source machine so you can just do all the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you just saw in this webinar all right that's a lot of x's guys what you can do today is get complete access to Source machine and what you're going to get inside Source machines you're going to get the full link building uh Suite that I just showed you the authority link building suite you're going to get the embeddable link building video system where you can go and embed videos all over the place you're going to get the YouTube link building that is inside there you're going to get the traffic automation is inside that shows YouTube and Google that traffic is going to your website and you're going to go out there and you're also going to be able to get the click-through rate manipulation that Source machine does we didn't even have time to really tap on those things because I was talking about my favorite strategy with this now how many people here give me one if you think this is pretty cool but you don't think you know enough about SEO you don't think you know quite enough yet to get the most out of this software it's fine guys because what we're going to give you when you get inside is three things we're going to give you a complete SEO beginners course we're also going to take you through basic posting how many people here give me a three if you would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your pants and you actually sat behind and watch Chris over his shoulder post and do these rankings be in front of you and we actually gave you a list of all the the niches and everything you know out the go when you get inside source machine not only do we give you a beginner's course we also have Chris sit down and show him posting the niches he's picking and do it over the should and you literally rank videos in 30 minutes in front of you we also show you how to do all the rank and rent methods how to connect how to sell that kind of stuff and we're even going to show you to build pbns just for fun so we're going to take you and give you all the information you need now on top of that guys we're also going to give you Advanced client getting webinars and these are going to be five webinars where I sit down and I break down exactly how I got clients in the past I'm going to show you myself actually closing clients live on a webinar this is going to be five the webinars are about an hour and so you're going to see exactly how to get clients as well so you don't have to rely on those CPA offers either you can actually sell this directly to dentists flower shops rhinoplasty surgeons it doesn't matter I always deal in the medical Niche because that's what I always dealt in because it's the easiest niche in the world but whatever you want to sell to you can sell to now on top of that guys we're also going to give you a blueprint of all the keywords you should be targeting so you don't even have to worry about this we're just going to give you a list of the keywords and you just go out there and start targeting these suburbs and there's so many creative ways you can apply this but if you're just starting off we're going to give you everything you need to do to go through the tactic we just talked about step by step by step so what you're going to be getting guys is you're going to get Source machine you're going to get the SEO ranking course you're gonna get the five client getting webinar uh system we're going to show you that and we're going to walk you through all that we're going to give you all the keywords to go after and guys that's easily a $2,000 value here's my question for you guys if in the next 30 days you are ranking for 400 different terms would that be worth $2,000 give me a one if that's true if you were if you were generating an extra $1,500 a month for the rest of this year yeah it would if that's all it did if all this if all this software did take away everything else if all it did was exactly what I showed you it did in this webinar if all it did was the stuff that we just showed you how to Simply do in this webinar in about 30 minutes would it be worth it yeah so guys what I'm going to give you today is we're going to give you up to $500 or up to $2,000 off of source machine give me an X if that sounds pretty to cool we have a special deal lineup and we're also throwing in all those bonuses as well so if you guys want to get in this all you need to do right now we've set the prices to be lower so you're going need to go to sourc machine. right now I'm GNA go and actually paste this in the chat box and guys this deal only the these bonuses only apply to the first 50 okay the first 50 I'm not trying to sell I'm not trying to give these bonuses to every single person on planet Earth right here only applies to the first 50 we have 500 people on this webinar we are going to get more than 10% of this webinar to buy Source machine all right people are freaking out so you need to go right here I'm going to paste this in the chat box I'm actually going to go grab the link just go to sourc machine. and you're going to go to this website right here you're going to go through it's going to look just like this okay I'm putting this in the chat box people are freaking out calm down G to go right here and to paste this in the chat box you're go right here to get started okay now I've set this because we're not doing a replay of this webinar tomorrow okay so you have about 30 minutes or until I close this webinar down the hop in if you hop on the base level you're going to get $500 off for the entire year if you hop on the pry level which is look if you want to use the pry level what this involves and what the credits are are for using the traffic section with this right here with the base level if you're a beginner 10K posts per month is more than enough for you okay if you're taking a few clients if you're already a veteran you're already working and doing a lot of SEO you want to get the engineer package if you're running an agency and you want to automate tons of traffic to your clients and actually get into the advanced rankings you want to get the proy package okay so that's the package you want to get right here guys 10K post per month is how much you can go out there and post to your places if you're selling this for example if you're wanting to sell this on conquer you want the proy level because you're going to be posting so many times you're going to be posting thousands and thousands of times a day if you're going right here if you're actually just going to be doing this for your clients you want the engineer because you'll probably posting maybe 500 times a day on there if you're just starting out you want to go and use this tactic that I just showed you right here you want to jump on the base level and just go do that right there and you can go out there and do this guys with the base level that's going to allow you to get about 300 to 500 rankings that's more than enough every single month give me one if that's more than enough every single month give me one if that's that's what you're looking at right there now guys if you hop on if you do hop on the progy level I'm going to throw in a sweet little bonus from that as well you're going to be able to get what am I going to throw in there what can we throw in how about how many people here we're watching Source CCS reloaded next month and this is going to be it completely blows away to renting of websites and everything you do to manage your clients and stuff like that that's going to be about a $67 per month software if you hop in on the prodigy or let me hop over here the engineer level I'm going to give that to you free for three months that's about $180 bonus right there as well if you hop on one of those two levels and guys the bonuses I just talked about only apply the first 50 and we're about 45 in so from what I just scrolled back and looked at so that's what we got right now guys and here's the cool thing guys we have a 30-day refund guarantee go out there guys all you have to do is follow the training and Si we have an action-based refund guarantee as long as you go out there and follow the training and try and rank a few websites that's it you can you come in here and you try this out you try off the software that is all there is to it if this is not for you within 30 days you can get a refund 100% And guys the only question here and the only risk here is a few minutes of your time to come inside and try this out guys there's there's no elephants in the room right here this clearly freaking Works without a shadow of a doubt there's zero risk this doesn't work we just did it over and over and over again on call I hit up Chris yesterday I said dude let's load up sourice machine let's do this for this webinar tomorrow he goes okay cool on call we able to go out there and rank all these out there there was no if answer butts if you go out there and you follow this simple training Insight that you can do this too so why would you not because there's no risk you can get your refund at any time in the next three days so guys if you want to hop in as soon as this webinar goes down the price goes up about 50% the bonuses all go off the table and the bonuses for the engineer and proy package go off the table as well so I'm going to field some questions right now before we get in someone said I'm an SEO beginner can I do that I I'm not GNA answer that question by saying yes or no I'm gonna ask you if you can do this can you you tell me if you can do this or not okay I don't know you I don't know what you're G to do let me go load this let me hop in can you do this step one we're going to go add an account can you go in and create an account on bitly and then go out and fill out your account email and then put in your access token everybody here give me a one if you can do that if you can create a bitly count and put in your access token give me a one if you can do that okay can you then go to post and fill out a quick form following the basic training we have right here we have basic tutorials that show you the basic things to put in here the basic things to post the basic way to use every part of it if you can follow basic directions what you're going to learn is all you need to do is come in here and type in the keyword keyword you put in the video embed you put in the domain and then you hit submit that is literally all we did today to go out there and rank these exact videos that we're showing you in here I showed you the motorcycle repair one right there here's the post we put today that's exactly what we did that's it so don't ask me if I'm a beginner can I do this or not I don't know but can you do that as any person on planet Earth I think so somebody said how many videos can be posted per Channel as many as you want there's no limit on [Music] YouTube again guys as soon as we're going to be closing this down in five minutes I'm going to set a little timer right here um I'm going to go right here over to Google and put in a countdown come on man get it type today and I'm going to set this for five minutes right here you can see we're at five minutes on there I'm going to hop off um someone said how do you make sure the keywords you're picking are right guys we have training inside that show you the keywords to pick we also give you a list of keywords to go after and a list of ways to use them so you don't even have to pick the keywords or do any research just use the keywords we give you uh someone said will it take 30 minutes per ranking with Source machine here's what's going to happen if you don't use Source machine and every webinar guys give me an X if you understand that I always show you free methods to do what I'm talking about and I show you a faster way to do that I'm never up here trying to sh say the only way you can do this is for you buy this if you don't use Source machine it's going to take you a lot longer and posting getting 100 rankings a day is going to be pretty much uh that's unreasonable also your rankings are not going to be as high because you're not posting yet on 50 or so web 2.0's the more web 2.0's you have the higher you're going to rank for these terms and the easier you're going to rank the end so if you use the free method your results are not going to be as good and they're going to be very very slow that being said if you want to get serious about this there's no risk to do this guys when you hop in look even if you're a beginner and you're afraid guys if you hop in and this isn't for you just get a refund 30 days from now there's zero risk and guys you're not going to see go to any of my groups we have over 10 we have almost 20,000 members in our groups we're giving the refunds guys we don't mind giving refunds on stuff okay that's fine so someone said you're super dude we we give refunds there's no re like if you put the $99 in for the base package give it a try follow the basic training in there that's it man if it's not for you just refund in 30 days and guys we're also all the training we're throwing in right here you also get to keep so even if you come in we're going to let you keep all the training just for checking it out someone say can we upgrade later yes but you have to get in today someone said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm in good Earnest all right someone said please say the bonuses again what you're going to get you're going to get Source machine we're going to give you a full SEO ranking course that shows you over the shoulder Chris going out there and ranking these videos we're going to give you a complete beginner SEO course if you don't know how to make a website you don't even know what SEO is we're going to give you that as well we're going to give you exact ways to go out there and rent these Pages all right whether it's using CP offers or actually calling people up and selling the phone calls to local businesses then what we're also going to give you is a full pbn building course you can actually go out there and get competitive rankings too it has nothing to do with what I just showed you but it's just a bunch of cool stuff now we're also going give you five client getting webinars where you sit down with me and we go over step by step how I got a bunch of Surgeons to sign up with me and how to go and just get clients in general we're also going to give you a list of keywords and niches to do this in so you can go out there and you don't have to think about this you just follow this instructions you use the niches we give you and just go and use the methods we show you in the training areas that's it and that's the bonus on top of that guys when you hop in today on the base package we are giving you $500 a year off on the and it's it's pay by month you can cancel any time on the project level we're giving you $2,000 a year off if you get the engineer and produ package we are also throwing in three months of access to Source CCS this is It's amazing software we're releasing next month it's going to let you rent Pages rent your websites out manage all your rentals manage all your business just from the this little dashboard it's really cool and you guys are going to get blown away by it okay so that goes away guys we're about actually almost out of time we got a minute left before I close this down someone said 500 years off what source machine Steve Source machine that's what we're selling here man 500 years $500 a year off of your Arby's that's what we've been Steve you sign up right now man I will I will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] give you $500 a year off any Arby's purchase you make you get a 10% discount Becker discount you were in just kidding man I was just seeing your question um you get $500 a year Steve Steve you get $500 a year off this instead of paying 147 a month it's 99 a month saving you $500 a year someone said I just sign up where can I see the freebies the training section is in the training section in the dashboard and the freebies are going to be sent to everybody three days after this webinar is completed to make sure that you stayed on the software some people a lot of people will come on they'll hop on and then they'll just like refund immediately and keep all the bonuses which is kind of BS let's see someone said University is closed that's you sign for Source machine that's right we don't offer Source we don't offer free trials for Source University anymore if you want to get Source University go check out for 1997 on the home site so Steve you also get $500 on Arby's discounts too you go them you just say look you go up to the the counter and be like all right guys we're out of time I'm about to close down this webinar I'll answer a few questions when the webinar is done but as soon as I I hit I turn off the record button we're done okay so that's it guys Steve everybody here after this webinar go down the Arby and be like look man you know Becker and they be like I don't know him but don't don't worry they're just tricking you all right they're just playing Koy because they want to give you discount you be like I know Becker I bought Source machine and I want the five for five but I only want to pay for three they GR Rumble a little bit they'll tell you you're insane they might call the cops but trust me you try hard enough they'll eventually give you that let's see guys if you have any trouble with customer support anything up just hit our customer support up right there if you have any trouble while checking out uh just hit up our customer support in our live chat right here just go to I can't help you right here in the webinar just go to Source wave.com support right one sec right here and we have a little live chat box in the corner and you can hit our support we're online right now just H up and they'll fix anything for you so there you go awesome all right guys so I'm closing down this de right now if you want to go check this out go through um it's we're going to be lifting it up and then after this webinar it's done okay cool all right I'm closing down the webinar 5 3 2 one

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Increase Any JVzoo Launch Or Shopify Store By 10-30%
VIDEO ID: 3XxlZned0ow
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XxlZned0ow
================================================================================

[Music] Nation what's going on this is Becker and I uh don't have anything witty to say so we're going to dive straight into it if you use Shopify or do any form of e-commerce or you're launching products on JV Zoo paid Kickstarter Warrior plus this video is going to show you to increase your business by another 20 to 30% by doing something that's actually really easy to do inside of markco hero and that is set up followup emails upsell emails down sell emails and cart abandonment emails and inside the system now with our Shopify app and with our integration in JV Zoo you're able to do stuff that you've never been able to do on Shopify or JB Zoo paid Kickstarter any other affiliate marketing platform where you get people to promote your launches so what I want to do is just dive straight into it but we got to get something witty in here it's my promise to you guys so before we get going why don't they play cards in the jungle don't know too many cheetahs ah okay all right let's let's just dive into it now I'm I'm sorry for that okay guys so what I'm going to do now is I'm going to show you you exactly how to dramatically increase your sales while not really changing anything in your business using jbu or Shopify now I know some people here watching this video might exclusively do either or okay you might just only be doing Shopify you might just only doing JV Zoo So Below this video I've left time stamps of what you can skip to if you want to see both just start watching right now so let's go find an old product of mine and let's let's kind of break this down so you can see right here let's just use this an example Source Hunter so let's imagine someone comes right here and I'm launching this product on JV Zoo so what most people do is the product is bought and then immediately they get offered an upsell now if the person doesn't buy that upsell nothing happens they just continue the product and that's it they don't get followed up with or anything that loses you so much money so much money on the back end because every person who doesn't buy every person that abandons that card essentially is not buying on top of that what happens if they buy that upsell and then don't buy the next upsell again you're losing more money so let's go through a situation real quick let's imagine you launch a product person gets the upsell immediately after they get the upsell they don't buy and they continue through so what you do is you follow up with them on the upsell via your email they open email they then say you know what I think I want this upsell no they buy that and then they buy the next upsell after your first upsell yous SP saying that email you've completely recovered hundreds of dollars and this is exactly how you do it so let's just say right here I have two upsells we started here on the source Hunter silver plan we'll just imagine this is our initial product so we're going to go and we're going to go right here and Market hero inside of JB Zoo now we're going to set the tag as bot a okay this will represent them buying our first step cell and then what we want to do is set up another tag for the next step cell but in this one I'm just going to do hypothetically but right here we've connected the integration inside of Market hero so the next thing we're going to do is we're going to go and create what I like to call a product launch funnel okay guys so we're just going to build this from stretch and it's actually really easy to do now there's a ton of different ways we can create a card abandonment funnel and an UPS cell funnel in Market hero I'm going to use the easiest way and show you the simplest way to understand it so first thing that's going to happen right here is we're going to have Market hero use a start Action Now what a start action does is when an email is applied from JV zoo and it has a tag for example the tag we just set that's applied when someone buys this product what's going to happen is they're going to get shot through the system and get sent directly to this funnel whenever these tags are applied now what we're also going to do is we're going to have it remove people from every other fun funel or whatever funnel they are in at the current time pretty simple so what's going to happen is we're going to set it to wait 10 minutes so let's imagine they just bought the product and the first tag got applied and the start action has begun so we're going to have it wait 10 minutes right here now what's going to happen is after 10 minutes they obviously have not bought the product okay they haven't they haven't gone through they haven't picked up the upsell so we want to do is we want to sell send them an email saying hey you forgot the upsell you might want to go back and check this out so what's going to happen right here is we're going to send them an upsell email saying hey you didn't buy the upsell uh we're going to give you a discount on it right now you can go come back and check it out so what's going to happen at this point in time is we're going to go and create another start action so what's going to happen and this is pretty cool is we're going to set this to the tag that will be applied when the upsell was bot so we're going to put in bot B okay so this is the upsell right here so what happens during this delay period right here if they buy the upsell the first upsell what's going to happen is the tag bot B is going to be applied to them and they're going to be yanked out of this process right here and sent into this process now if they don't buy it what's going to happen is that bot B will not be applied therefore they're going to stay in this process and they're going to get the upsell email and we can keep firing these emails off to them we could have this one send a day after saying hey you know it's been a day we're going to offer you an even crazier discount on what you could have P before you can pick up the first upsell so we do that again easy now at anytime during this process if they buy the second upsell the tag bot B is going to be applied to them them so right here we see bot B applied right there and they're going to get sent to the start action and then we do the same exact thing let's say we have three upsells so what's going to happen immediately after they buy this the first upsell they're going to get offered the second upsell now what's going to happen right here is we're going to do the same exact sequence we're going to wait 10 minutes and see if they buy it or not if they do buy it what's going to happen if they do buy the second upso we'll have another tag right here that's apply to them and it will say bot C okay so what's going to happen is the same thing that happen before they're going to go through and if they buy in this time frame they'll be yanked out of here and sent to the next part of the funnel right here and so we can constantly keep doing that let's just imagine we send a welcome email right here or they're at the end of The Funnel and so we have a follow-up process for every single product in our funnel and this alone right here is something you're not able to do in get response something you're not able to do in anything else and just sending out these emails right here can recover so much lost income and increase your launch or your product selling by 10 to 20% just by adding this to your system and it's so easy to do so again what happens person buys the tag is applied saying they just bought the product then what happens is it waits 10 minutes to see if they buy the first product if they buy the first product they get yanked down here to the next part of the funnel because bot B the tag has been applied to them pretty cool right but if they don't buy we keep sending them emails encouraging them to buy the first upsell now the second they buy the first upsell what happens they're going to get offered the second upsell and it's going to do the same delay process now if they buy the second upsell what's going to happen happen is going to shoot them down here to the end of the funnel if they don't buy the second upsell we're going to keep sending them followup emails encouraging them to also buy the second upell this alone right here will make your JV so much more money increase the value every click sent to your launch now let's go and set up something very similar to this in Shopify so I'm going to clear this out right here just take a mental image right here and let's go build this in Shopify now also before we hop in JB zo there is a free trial for and now also before we hop into Shopify there is a free trial below so if you're launching products on JV zo or you're doing something like that right now go below start your free trial apply this to your next launch and make 10 to 20% more just by adding this simple process in there so we're going to hop over here and you can see here is my example Shopify store so what's going to happen is we're going to build an upsell funnel for this t-shirt right here so we're going to go down to the market Hero app in our store and you can see right here we have the market herero app all loaded up inside the store so here's a few things we're going to do after we cut connect our API key I'm going to set up a few options in here first off whenever they enter the store no matter what they're doing they're going to have this tag applied to them shop one to tell me what store they came from now I can also set up tags based on specific people that come into my store but we'll get into this in a later video when I explain the Shopify app even more I just want to show you the first way to easily increase your business but we can e easily sort segments by people that haven't bought yet people that have bought and are in Japan people that have bought and also bought this product and will automatically segment them by their tags inside of Market hero now what we're going to do right here is let's imagine we're looking at this shirt right here the dev black hole you can see here's the shirt that we're looking at so what's going to happen when a person comes to start the checkout process let's imagine we start the checkout process right now going to go in and I'm going to start the checkout process by hitting add the cart I'm going go to go to cart and I'm going to hit check out so as we're checking out right here the first step in any checkout process is to enter our email and our information so let's imagine the person begins checking out right here they enter their email and they enter their information so we just hit get shipping method so now we have to go and start paying for stuff and this is where you lose people a lot of people will abandon cart here's how you stop this so you see right here first thing we're going to do is we're going to set up a start action and what's going to be applied to them as we can see right here from the checkout options we've set it is they're going to have the tag start shirt appli to them so we're going to set the start action right here to fire off when the tag start shirt is applied cool right so then we're we're going to do right here is we're going to do the same weight sequence we did before and we're going to see if they buy the shirt or not so what's going to happen is we're going to have a sort action right here so what's going to happen I'm going to go and hit this by sort by tag now the tag that's going to be applied when they complete checkout will be bought shirt and then the value will actually be applied to them telling us how much that lead is worth and telling us how many shirts they actually bought but before we get to that what we're going to have is we're going to sort by tag we're going to make it bot shirt and you can see these types of tags right here this event right here is a purchase event so we're going to have a money tag applied to them this also carries a value that tells us how much the lead is worth in the long term so what's going to happen right here let's imagine they do not complete checkout so after 10 minutes of waiting it's going to go and sort by it and it's going to say hey this person in complete checkout so what we're going to do is we're going to send them to a follow-up process says hey you forgot to check out come back you can link them back to your cart and send them directly back to go and check out and finish the check out for the product if they did buy it what what you can immediately do is upsell them so let's say we want to sell them shirt number two okay we sell them a shirt like that and we can do another funnel just like this so we send them right here say Hey you like this shirt maybe you should go check out these products they're similar to it and so we can have is another sort by tag right here that allows them to sort let's just say we do um bot shirt B is a tag that's showing that they purchase that and boom what's going to happen is we do the same exact upsell funnel right here so what's going to happen after they bought that first shirt they're going to get upsold again if they don't buy it get an upself emo right there and if they do buy it let's just say we let them off the hook at this point in time but you can see just by doing this we're able to follow up with people that abandon our cart and if they do buy something we're able to upsell them immediately doing this alone will easily add another 10 to 20% from your store and you just canot afford to do this and the really cool thing right here is let's imagine a person comes and buys multiple shirts from you so let me just go find every person that has the tag bot shirt in my system these are examples of course but you can see right here I'm I'm able to go and track how many times they buy the shirt and other products they pick up so I can see you know every person that buys a $25 shirt is also buying a lot of this one product and they're buying quantities of this other product so what you could do in your funnel is go back on over to it and be like hey look we noticed you bought this shirt you should probably buy these products right here as well a lot of people that buy this product buy this product as well so this right here guys is how you can it's just in seconds really just took 10 seconds to really explain not 10 seconds but you get the drift to expl how to do this and this is how you can go and dramatically dramatically dramatically increase the amount of sales you're making in JB zoo and the amount of sales you're making on your Shopify store just by picking up Market hero and just adding these quick little things in here there's no other autoresponder you can do this stuff in and uh I'm pretty proud of that so if you enjoyed this be sure to leave a comment below if you have any questions and there's a free trial link below here so you can check out Market hero start doing this to your stores and launches as well so that being said this has been Becker this is an easy way to improve your launches in Shopify and uh that's all I got in this video so till then take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Avoid Email Spam and Promo Tabs With Your Email Marketing
VIDEO ID: -iThV6Ho48M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iThV6Ho48M
================================================================================

hero Nation what's going on this is Becker and welcome back to the market hero blog uh where we we tell you cool stuff and how to improve your email marketing all right but today we're actually be getting into something that's extremely cool and this is something that can increase your business 20 to 30% literally overnight without you doing anything different and that's hitting the inbox not the promotion tab not the spam tab every single time with your email now the cool thing is at Market hero our delivery is like out of control good so like I can inbox even using words like free and money and refund guarantee and the subject lines of the emails which is nuts okay that's something I've never been able to do anywhere else and that's something you can do too but what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be sitting down with my head of email um who is actually the genius behind our delivery and everything like that and what we're going to focus on is what you need to know to make sure that you're hitting the inbox every single time these are quick little tips that you can apply in about 30 minutes that will increase your delivery rate all right you get a 10% higher delivery rate you'd make 10% more money okay that's huge for like 30 seconds of work we're going to be focusing also on like headlines to get higher clickr rates and what we're seeing that allows us to hit the Inbox and also get those High open rates from good headlines that actually convert okay so we're going to hop in right now and dive straight into that okay guys so something really funny we did the really demonstrate Market Heroes inboxing and just like how to make sure you inbox like a champ uh our head of email actually just sent these and so you can see right here we actually sent out an email right here and if you know anything about email you know having a headline like this um and then having this content in here uh you can see right here we have Viagra sex porn PayPal wire online bank just this stuff right here they will always get your your email sent to spam and you can say we're still inboxing that with Market hero so that's just kind of a testament to uh how good the delivery is is over here you can just see that the emo right here that went in um I know there's some weird topics right there but that's all the stuff to get you knocked out and we're still hitting the inbox with that um so just just first off right here step one inboxing I suggest you try free trial of Market hero that being said I want to go over a bunch of things that you can do when you're about to email that will drastically drastically drastically improve your inboxing and this is really how you troubleshoot out of the promo tab how you troubleshoot out of the spam tab so the first thing I want to show you kind of how to do is you want to go on a Goog Google and you want to type in SPF record setup tutorial now I'm not going to show you how to do this right here there's there's actually a video of me showing how to do this I'll put it below this video just in a link it's just a really ugly basic video but you can find out how to pretty much do this this anywhere and if you don't know what this is you need to you need to figure this out like right now okay because an SPF record right here is going if you don't have this it doesn't matter if you're using any other autoresponder and this tutorial isn't so much even if you're using Market hero I mean if you're using Market hero you'll still inbox but you still need to do this with Market hero but I want this tutorial to be helpful to you if you're sending emails in general because that's the goal of these videos that provide just as much value so maybe you'll check out the company in the future um so what you want to go is you want to go do this because if you don't do this you're you're going to miss the inbox you're going to hit the promo Tab and you're going to hit the spam box talks a lot and what this does is it basically is a digital signature so when you send out an email from your from email so if I send you an email it's from alexit Market hero.io what's going to happen is when you shoot out the inbox that you sent to is going to check back with the domain you're sending from to make sure this is a validated domain um and so that's really how you can tell what a fake email is from just basically a person using a fake domain they have no authority over so I can go anywhere from be like you know send from alexg google.com and SPS will shoot back to Google and say we don't know this person so that's essentially what it does and what you also want to look into if you really want to improve your with Market her that's pretty much where you have to stop but if you want to look into improving it even more you want to also set up your dkim dkim record as well and this is going to further increase your inboxing if you're sending out a lot of emails right now and you're hitting the promo tab or the spam inbox a lot these two things right here are going to help you dramatically okay D dramatically it's like the the back in the beat DJ version of dramatically right there so next thing I want to get into is making sure your domain itself is not blacklisted for example we had a person hop on about a week ago and they had a big list and they were sending out emails but every single email went to the spaming box and as you can see right here you know delivery like I just showed you in that that picture is not an issue okay once you have your SPF sub but what you're going to notice a lot of times and what you want to check especially if you're seeing this problem and you're consistently in the spam inbox it might be the domain you're sending to in the the account or email you're sending from for example one of my just email addresses long time ago at a website you st just would always hit the spam inbox and it just got blacklisted in Google's Gmail for some reason the way around this was simply changing the email so instead of making it like alexm marketer.com it would be like Bob marketer.com or Alexander marketer.com or IO that's our website so that's another thing you really want to look at right there and that's that's kind step two if you're still hitting the promo Tab and stuff like that and then what I want to show you to do uh inside of here is really how to go out there and troubleshoot your email so what I like to do I'm going to kind of walk you through my entire process is you know first off you want to make sure that you have the SPF set up and so with this email right here I usually send from Chuck's email at Market hero so if you see anything from Chuck that's why I send for him because the the delivery is just so good from this email right here uh when you're sending for Market hero so then what we're going to do right here is I'm just going to select who I'm going to mail to let's just say I'm saying the source wave right now and actually I'll change this to Source wave okay cool now what I do and I don't so do this anymore at Market hero because um it hits the inbox regardless of what I do I could put free money in the title it still hits the inbox but what I want to do is let me just go pick an email right here that has um maybe some money let me just type in money right here let's find one that has like money in the key the headline there all right so here we go right here so here's an email basic one right here to get sent out and I want to show you how to really troubleshoot these emails if you hit the promo tab or the spam inbox so there's a series of tests that I do when I'm sing at a test email I'm sending to myself so if I send out a test email or I send a test email out to myself and I see it hit the promo tab or the inbox the largest culprit is probably going to be your subject so the first thing I'm going to do right here is I'm going to put in um I'm going to change the the subject line to basic subject line okay so I'm just going to make it so that there's zero reason why the title would be a reason for us not to hit the inbox okay and so what's going to happen first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to hit that and I'm going to send that to myself again okay and when that goes and hits uh the promo tab again I know okay cool it's not the headline it's something in the content of the email there's just sometimes where a section of your email is going to cause that so the next caller that's going to happen right here is probably going to be your images okay so again with Market hero if you're sending stuff in the image area uh if you're sending images you're going to inbox anyways but if you're using other R SM you're probably going to run into this where if you send an image a lot lot of times it's going to hit the promo tab it's almost the difference between hitting the inbo and the promo tab a lot of time so all you need to do is just simply remove the image okay just remove the image send out the email see if that's the reason it didn't hit okay and if you're still hitting the promo tab it has to be something in your text okay and there's a lot of ways you can get around this okay so words like you know free money uh income all this all the stuff to Chuck run in there what I like to do or what I used to do when I was at another odd responder and I'm not I'm not going to pick fun at other OD responders I do that enough but what I would do is I'd find sub subs for these words basically words that mean the same thing and people read them the same way but they don't trigger the same spam response okay so what I'll do is I'll first actually go through and I'll look at certain sections that might trigger it off so I'm look at this one right here if any of them have dollars on your online business right here so what I would do is I delete this section and then send out the email again okay and if it's still in the promo tab it's not that section I just gradually remove sections uh until there's nothing left in the email okay and this is a pain usually you're going to hit hit the inbox by this time but if you're not right there when you get to the section that is knocking you out of the inbox okay uh and if just by the way if you if you have a normal email and it goes out and hits the promo tab there's something wrong with your domain you're sending from or the autoresponder you're sending from it's more than likely your domain there's no autoresponder out there that can't hit the inbox with a proper email um so once you realize which part of it is knocking you out of inbox just put a quick note down like put the put the subject of the paragraph somewhere in the text file so you can kind of see stuff that c es the promo tab from your autoresponder so what I do a lot of times when I'm writing my emails just to avoid this the first time around is when I say when I want to say free in the email I'll say no cost okay when I want to talk about money I'll say bucks or buckaroos okay I I'll use slang for money instead of using the word dollars or money or stuff like that okay when I say income I'll talk about you know um you know I something generated income actually works pretty well um like a lot of people will say money generated and stuff like that um or you know how much money you make a year I'm going to say it will increase your income um it will increase stuff like that so one thing you want to do when you're thinking about writing out emails and stuff like that um what what I could do like if you want I'm just saying if you like want to type in like porn or something I'm not saying you're going to type in porn I just want to show you how you want to think about you put in maybe you know adult videos okay or something like that you want to change the words around whatever you're doing so that was a weird example actually way to offend everybody but like payday loans okay like if you put in like payday loans into whatever you're typing out out there you could put in something instead of like get the bucks on the same day okay that's not like proper English but you can see how like I go in and kind of describe with this type of loan okay you can see that's that's really a weird way of saying payday loans but I want you to take away that there's ways you can change the text to get out of the promo Tab and still get your message across in your email so you know these are just some tips right here and this is exactly the process I go to to make sure I hit the inbox every single time because when you hit the inbox if you get a 20% 30% higher inboxing rate uh you make more money you make 30% more money it's one of the easiest things you can do to increase the income your business makes that being said um if you want to get this like I showed you before you know we're inboxing with the titles free money and putting images and all sorts of stuff in our emails you know Market hero does that if you have your SPF set up correctly but you know if you're on other I responders this is a process you should probably be going through and you need to set your SPF no matter where where you're at okay a lot of a responders don't make people do that when they come inside um we do and the reason for that is because you know a lot of a SPS want people get in with least resistance as possible but there's a downside to that it kills their delivery it makes their IPs just awful so uh that's exactly what I do and that's what we require at Market here so we keep our IPS really clean and delivering good so this is just a quick little checklist if you're interested in getting this type of delivery just try the free trial below this video uh and if not stay where you're at and use these tips to go and increase your delivery so this has been Becker and I will see you around the general vicinity of Market hero okay take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: academyonboard
VIDEO ID: daC8YMD4GNo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daC8YMD4GNo
================================================================================

[Music] hey what is up new 8X Academy member this is Becker and hold up wait this is not an upsell video you need to watch this video because it is essential to you getting all your content and getting Market hero fully functional for you so that you can follow around the adex academy and get results on top of that when you do complete these videos I'm going to give you an ethical bribe I'm going to give you the T-shirt you can see right here in the upper right hand corner it's going to be sent to your house and we're going to import the 8X funnel that I've created for you into your account as soon as you complete these videos but you cannot get either of those things until you complete those videos it only takes like 5 minutes so listen up it's so essential to you getting success with this program and the software in these videos we're going to cover four things the first is getting all your content and fully getting integrated with the adex academy secondly is going and setting up your tracking and then importing leads and sending emails from your streams or your broadcast so let's start right now so first thing is first here's what you need to do to access your adex Academy all you need to do is go to the bottom Le hand corner and click go to members area if you have any trouble anytime accessing this there is a support person standing by right here at all times to help you all of your content and everything is going to be broken down right here now what you also need to do is join our next webinar this is going to sign you up for the webinars that we do weekly where you can ask questions and join our Facebook group that's exclusive to the academy that you just joined once you've done those things the next step is setting up our tracking that we talked about so much in the webinar so you can go out there and track everything that's being done and everything your customers are buying first first thing I want to get into in this video is setting up your tracking it's the easiest thing in the entire world and what this is going to allow you to do is when you're working inside your streams or you're searching up your leads you're going to be able to see the actual dollar value that they're going to go out there and generate you so if I go right here and find everybody with this tag in my system and then I go right here and click generate LTV uh these people were uploaded a little less than like a week ago you can see I'm already making 61 cents per email this is going to go up and up and up the more things I promote and sell to this customer base so what we want to do so we can get that tracking set up is you're going to go over here to products this tab right here you can bounce this in and out if you want to read it and you're going to click new product you're going to fill out all this stuff right here you're going to set the price you're going to set a category that's related to whatever business you have in there and then once you're going to be able to do is come on down here and you're going to have a list of products that you've add in the system so if you're selling two or three things what you want to do is go add those in the system and the amount they're going to make you for every sale that comes in so what we're then going to get is something that looks like this and so you can go in here and edit anything if you want but what we're going to do right here is we're just going to click this little graph icon and it's going to give us a tracting pixel now what we want to then do is go to any page that is our thank you page AKA page people only see if they buy something and you're going to go up here uh any page this is just optimize press and you want to go into the header and copy and paste that code that's it your sales tracking your sales automation is done you can build stuff inide Market here that reacts based on what people are buying just by this quick copy and paste I want you to appreciate this because there's no other system on the planet that's this easy you have to replace your cart do a whole bunch of BS uh and your tracking is done immediately inside Market hero just like that so that's exactly how that works don't go do it right now just watch the rest of these videos they're super short and then go inside Market hero there's going to be a little help tab that will show you exactly how to do all this again just want to get you caught up to how Market hero works and the big benefits so the next video we're going to get into importing your leads and how that's going to work

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Generated A List of 100k+ Emails Off Facebook
VIDEO ID: wdOIlo8nbjc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdOIlo8nbjc
================================================================================

Yo yo yo, what's happening dog? How's it hanging? Okay, I'm not going to talk like that ever again on this blog. I'm so sorry. Hey, hey, what's up? This is Becker and in today's video on the blog, I'm going to be breaking down an ad strategy that I've been using that I believe is really the entire key to building a multi-million dollar business online. And if you just nail this one ad strategy, uh you start off on Facebook and you can span anywhere, you make millions of dollars, the end. It's it's inevitable if you just execute on this. So, that's what we're going to be breaking down today. And you need to stay tuned because it's gonna be super cool. All right. Yeah. Awkward intro. Good. Good job. Everything changes. Okay. Hey there, buddy. Old pal. Welcome back to the blog. We got the second video on here. And what I'm going to be breaking down today is really all about advertising and how simple advertising can be when you are able to use what I like to call the LTV, which we discussed in the last video on the blog. You can go check it out. There should be a link below this video. If not, you can hang out here. That's cool. You don't need to educate yourself anymore. This is this is enough. It actually is. So, when I see a lot of people get into advertising, you might be watching this video right now and you might have bought advertising in the past and it just didn't work. It was too expensive. Okay? For example, uh when I first started Source Wave, my first multi-million dollar business, I remember when I first started buying ads and getting leads and my whole business lived and died by leads. I'd be launching products. I'd be doing all sorts of content marketing to get leads into the business. And um so I'd buy ads being like, man, if I can get more leads, I make more money. But the thing is, I was paying $4 to5 per ad. And I was like, well, this is just too expensive. This is too expensive. I have to go back to breaking my back and making content and doing all sorts of other things. And and that's where I see a lot of businesses struggle because they have to jump through hoops and go do all these maddening things to get leads and customers into their business because they can't turn on a button on Facebook and just have traffic come in. And it it drives me up a wall. So I'm going to show you in this video how to go out there and buy the traffic, what to target, and then how to view it at. So this is easy. I talked about in the last video, my whole entire traffic system, advertising method just goes to buying leads for less than $8.32. Now, you need to understand, a lot of people when they buy traffic think, man, Alex, are you how do you how do you balance out the risk of spending a h 100red bucks a day? You know, I don't have a hundred bucks a day to spend on advertising. Look, this isn't like some um casino, okay, where you go and put a hundred bucks down on Red and if you lose, you double down. No, you don't. If you if you lose a hundred bucks on Red, you you stop putting money on Red and you adjust your ad until you're making money back. We don't ever spend money without money coming back. Okay? If you're in a larger business, for example, I'll spend maybe $1,000 testing an advertisement, for example, like a new webinar, stuff like that. However, however, when it comes to smaller ads and stuff like that, I'll usually spend about 10 to 20 bucks and you can see if it's a stinker right away. Okay? You need to understand that. Now, when it comes to LTV, you won't exactly know right away, but we can see optin rates. We can see everything and how it's working right away. So, what we want to do first off is you want to get a couple of leads coming into your business. You want to probably get maybe 100 to 200 leads. If you're broke and just starting out, if you're a beginner, broke is a mean term, but let's just face it, some people are. And if you follow that caveat, that's okay. You want to go and use organic methods that I'm going to be covering on the blog or you can check out inside of Market Hero. And what you can do with that is you just get people onto your email list and you track everything they do and you track your LTV. So what you want to do uh if you're an existing business is you just want to start buying ads and you want to run an optin I'm about to show you. Now what you want to do is track everything those leads doing and track the LTV. For example, in this funnel it's worth $8.32 to me. If I go and see exactly how much people let's just go from one ad right here. All right. So this is a list of people that we got from one advertisement. We got 757 people on this promotion and everybody that came in through this in the first week was worth $19.28. So I simply buy leads for less than that amount. That that's it. So what you want to do is we want to go out there and we want to click optins. So you want to go and create a bait in your niche. Now what we're looking at is the world's ugliest optin page. This is also the world's highest converting optin page. I have tried every single optin template known to man. I've tried pretty ones. I've tried videos. You can go test them all yourself. It's going to frustrate you. Or you can just take my advice right here and copy this. It's that easy. Uh so what this is, this format right here, and how I built this optin right here gets me consistently 50 to 60% optin rates. Now, the key to this is not the fact that it's just ugly. It's how I format it. Okay? So the first line you want right here, you want to say 100% free, whatever the person's getting, and make it a cheat list, a template, or something quick. Don't offer a free course. Don't offer anything timeconuming. You want a bite-size instant answer, instant gratification type of content. So then what you want right here is the benefit of it and what exactly it is and why they should get it with super low whatever. So you can see uh right here says the 524 most profitable SEO niches. That's clearly what it is. The benefit to it is it has super low competition. Okay, it's profitable, has super low competition. Then what you use this final line for is to talk to people about the uh objections they might have. For example, right here, each of these niches can generate up to $5,000 per sale. What people are thinking when they see super low competition, at least in the SEO niche, is these are worthless niches. So, that's what we do right there. Then, what I do is I like to get some social proof underneath it. And then I use a button that says download now. Click there. There you go. That right there is going to get you such higher optin rates. I don't know what to tell you. Like, I've tried everything. This is what works best for me in any niche. weightlifting, weight loss, SEO, internet marketing. Uh even use a variation of this to sell workout shakers at one point. So, this works really well for me and I've used this template over and over again. So, after that's done, what we want to do is we go and track our LTV like I talked about. And then we simply go and buy leads, the best leads we possibly get, especially if we're starting out for less than that LTV. Now, if we're just starting out, the best way to get the best leads possible on your list that start tracking LTV is to go and combine interest. Now, look, I'm sure you are thinking right now, well, you have to be some Facebook expert to go and do this and and run your advertising. You don't. You don't. To start your advertising, get your initial numbers. You don't need to be. Now, when it comes to scaling and stuff like that, maybe you want to hire someone to run your advertising. That's what I do. Now, you're probably thinking, "Well, Alex, that's expensive." Well, you're not hiring people to run your advertising until you're making guaranteed money back on your advertising. That's not how you want to do it. You don't want to be like making no money and then like pay someone to go figure it out for you because you're going to have to pay someone a lot of money to figure it out for you. This is how you figure out yourself. And you pass that figured out problem to someone else to scale. That's how you should look at advertising. That's how you should look at paying people to run your advertising. Okay? Usually only about 15% of your ad spend. And uh that's very low considering how much they save you when you're scaling. So, let's get it started. First thing you want to do is actually research your niche. Crazy advice, I know. Now, we want to find a combination of n interests that kind of what's the word for it? Describe our perfect customer. So, say we're selling a ketogenic protein. We want a person that is a interested in working out, b interested in a ketogenic diet. That means they don't need any carbs, c likes other supplement brands, aka buy supplements. So, what we can do right here is we can go find a blog. All right. Mark's Daily Apple. This guy kind of created the whole uh primal blueprint diet right here. So, I'm going to put this in. I'm going to put marks daily apple. Now, if we want a larger audience, we can go and of course start adding more people into that. Okay. So, we can see the potential reach right here is 2,300 people. Cool. That's awesome. So, we have that right there. Now, let's narrow the audience. Let's put in um let's put in Dave Aspirate because this guy has a supplement that is also really closely related with the ketogenic diet. He has this type of coffee. Um it's a supplement company. So you can see um we have a potential reach of 3,600 people. Now this is not a ton of people, but if we're just starting off right here, we can go and target these people. Okay, we can target these people. These are going to be our perfect customers. These are people that are on a ketogenic diet that buy supplements. Okay, specifically ketogenic supplements, but I'm going to type in actually, let's go in narrow audience. I'm just going to play around with this so you can kind of see the audience that we want to target. Bulletproof, coffee. Okay, we got 3,900 people right here. So, we can make two different audiences targeting that. Now, we could also do um let's do let's say where's a workout? Who likes to work out? Let's do Mike Chang. You remember that guy from YouTube? Okay, there we go. Okay, we have another audience right here of 3100 people. So, we don't have to go out there and target mass audiences. You don't need to do that when you're starting up especially. Okay, if we can go out there and reach 580 of these people a day, maybe get 100 to 200 people like this on our list. Boom, there we go. And then we just create a duplicate audience targeting people that are similar to that. Now, if we really want to expand this audience, what we can do is also put in the Paleo diet, the Paleo mom, everyday Paleo. All right, so these are all like ketogenic diets right here. All right. So then we can narrow the audience again. Put in Mike Chang. Okay. How many people we got there? 4,700. Okay. So what we can also do is you can go research products are really popular niche. Okay. So we got like BSN right here. That's really popular workout supplements. So we have people that like this diet and we're going to type in BSN. Okay. So I'm not sure which one of these. This one right here, the larger one is probably the audience. So we can go find people that like both of these things. And we have 19,000 people that are on the Paleo diet and also like workout supplements. So, we want to get these people on our email list with that bait that we talked about before. So, we'd have like the three steps to having a completely paleo friendly diet or something. I don't know. You're going to have to come up with your own bait. I'm not an expert in this niche. So, once we've done that, uh, you're consistently going to get 50 to 60% optin rates with the optin I gave you, as long as you set up your bait the right way. It's going to take a little bit of experimenting, but there you go. So, what you can do right here, especially if you go and advertise the mobile, is you can probably get your bids down to about two bucks right here, especially if you have a good click-through rate. So, that means you're probably going to be getting leads for three to four bucks consistently. These are super targeted leads, though. And so, then all you want to do is just go out there and track everything they do. So, that means we're going to be getting leads for about four bucks. That's usually what I pay in the internet marketing niche is way more competitive uh than this niche I would assume because it's much smaller and the people are more jaded and the people selling are much more skilled I would think because all of us marketers are sharks I suppose anyways that's what you're going to be getting leads in for and then you just want to go out there and track it. So let's imagine we're pay $4 per lead but we're making $8 back in the first three weeks or in the other example I showed you $19 back in the first couple days. um you're going to kill it. And then the print money, all you do is simply buy more traffic. That's it. You just go in here and and buy more traffic from Facebook. And if you don't know how to buy more traffic, you don't know how to scale, you just pay someone because you can go, "All right, great. You know what? Um I'm making, you know, $8 per lead. I want you to get me leads for less than eight bucks. I want you to get me leads for less than five bucks, so I'm profiting in the first three weeks. I want you to get me leads for less than $19." Um which you can do really easily. And then you're profiting four times over in the first five days. That's all you do. And then you just run up the tab on Facebook because for every dollar you're spending, you're making at least two back. And that's how you print money. That's how you create a seven figureure business. That's all there is to it. Once you get this process down right here, this short process I just covered right here, you're done. All right? You kick back and you control your business and you grow it. Your only your only challenge is buying leads for less than $8 at this point. So that's all there is to it. So this is exactly how I've ran my advertising for years. This is how simple of a concept it is. It doesn't require a complete course. It doesn't require anything crazy out there. You might need to go spend some time investing in learning the Facebook, you know, ad tool. But other than that, that's it. That's it. And once you get it down, I suggest you just pass off your advertising to someone else because it's super costefficient when you did do that. It's not like you're paying a hard, it's just a simple hard cost to it. It's not like you're taking money out of pocket and paying on a risk. When you pay someone else to run it, it's straightforward, easy, because then they run it for you and keep the leads under a certain amount. So, that's all there is to it. This has been Becker and in the next video, we're going to be getting into a consulting funnel that you can use for your consulting business. Whether you're selling SEO, paid traffic management, heck, you're just talking to people, whatever you're doing. I know a lot of people watch this blog are consultants. I'm going to show you how to sell consulting va funnel that just works. Actually gets like a 4x ROI and you kind of do the math behind it. So, I'll see you in the next video. Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel. And like always, there is a free trial to Market Hero right below this video if you want to go and apply some of the things I covered uh for free and go check it out. It'll blow your mind. All right, I'll see you in the next video.

================================================================================
TITLE: The Email Funnel That Built A $4,000,000 Business
VIDEO ID: kS0g9TnHH1o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS0g9TnHH1o
================================================================================

dudes do that's what's going on this is Alex Becker CEO of market hero and whoa whoa whoa this is a special moment it's the first piece of content ever on this blog and which can be seen today in this video is how I grew my first business to four to five million dollars per year using email that's it straightforward that's what you're going to learn in this video I'm going to see the exact funnel I did to do it and how I grew it we real simple so stay tuned alright amigo all right pal let's get this going it's the first piece of content on this blog and that being said you're going to learn exactly what was covered in the headline of this video you're going to see exactly how I grew my first business the millions and millions of dollars using email now this being the first time you probably digested anything from this blog I want to cover a few things first this is not some sales pitch BS disguised as content on a blog we're not going to be feeding you this information just pitching you the entire time what I'm be showing you point-blank is how myself and others are going multi-million dollar businesses using email now of course I'm going to be doing this in the market hero system because frankly there's nothing else that I can use to a wise to do this okay so of course I'm a little bit biased when it comes to that but I want you to come to this blog for information I want you to come here for content I want you to come here to learn I want you to expect that so when you get an email from us you're gonna be like oh crap I'm going to learn something amazing about email marketing and growing my business that's what I'm going to focus on here and if at any time you think hey you know market here looks pretty cool there's a free trial on every single page you can check out now I just want to dive straight in the content because I want to make sure this is worth their time respect your time and I want you to lead going like wow that was neato horrific so let's just dive straight into it so you might not know my backstory that's okay it's not like I came out of like a swamp or I don't know group and the Shire and drop the ring of truth into the email marketing volcano okay that's not how it happened but anyways a little bit backstory about me and I'm sorry I'm not a camera right now I'm actually in the Cayman Islands right now and I don't have my camera with me so you just came to deal with mysterious voice Alex but anyways I start a business called source wave about four to five years ago okay it's been a while I don't even remember how long ago we started it I sound really stupid it's point time anyways over the past two years I've really this business up and going to about four to five million dollars a year strictly through email marketing and advertising now what I want to share in this video is exactly how I grew it to that now a little bit background this business you might you know go google so you'd be like this is just a blog what the heck are they some there's a bunch of things we sell from it alright so I saw a lot of software for example here's the software called source machine here's a software called source hunter here's a service provide called source LTS here's another software called source CCS and we also have a university for SEO s as well right here so in short we sell just about anything related to SEO on this business's website but company thing okay you guys it like this guy's sounds like a neat it that's what we do okay and so I'm gonna break down the entire advertising strategy and how I've gone people to buy millions and millions and millions of dollars of all these things okay and I actually want to show you exactly funnel that I use to get people into this and how I make my money back now if you attended the webinar which you probably came in through market hero through that's one of our main sources of advertising if not that's cool too but I'm just going to break down exactly however this company right now I pay about four to five dollars per lead okay I also get thousands of leads directly from the homepage I also get a bunch of leads from other various sources but you need to understand how we grew this business and how we kind of got to the tipping point was we were able to run just mass amounts of advertising now I was able to get leads for three to five dollars that's about the going rate over the past two years now you can see it here when people go through this first funnel right here alone they're worth $8.37 to me okay now this funnel takes place over about three weeks you can see this all lays out right here so here's here's how I grew my business it's so simple I bought leads for less than this number right here that's it I mean like I can break down everything else but that's all I do that's all I do all day long you need to understand that's why market here is so crazy cool though because nothing else will tell me this number right here like that's why I had the system built like I love to be like you can do this and active campaigns or Infusionsoft or anything but you just can't you can't so like I'm sorry do you kind of you know saying you know market here is best but it's only thing lets me do this so I just um I can't I've kind of in a corner now just call me out call he buys you caught me you caught me I like knowing my ROI I like knowing my LTV because this is all my business is about buying leads for less than 8 bucks that means if I go out there and I spend $3,000 a day ok and get leads for 4 bucks in two weeks I'm going to be making 8,000 bucks back okay so the tremendous are why it makes buying my advertising really easy so I'm going to walk you through this funnel and once you kind of picture you should go on Facebook you should go on in the advertising source and see how cheeping get your leads down to if you're on Facebook two to four dollars depending on your niche depending on your offer is pretty normal 90% niches out there I've done leads for two to five dollars allow me to get them for $1 cool now let me going to walk you through what I do right here so I run an ad on Facebook for the 5 and 24 most profitable se niches with super low competition I've run this for years in fact for half this year I ran it with 2015 in the title because I forgot to change this and my ad guy was like you know Alex you should protein to the 2016 I'm like oh I see good catch David good catch high five virtual high five alright so anyways what that happens person clicks here of course we have the opt-in box right here from market hero integrated with leadpages right here person opsin now what then happens is a person goes right here to this Thank You page now look why on earth would I send em to a thank you page instead of trying to sell them something super neat and get them to buy something first off here's why okay you probably heard the statement that you don't want freebie chasers on your email list and buyers so the best best people have an email list so buyer is a person it's bought a product from you they're usually much more likely to buy from you in the future a freebie chase is a person to just opts in the stuff to get free stuff now here's why I don't appear to that I don't believe it okay if you're watching this video I want you to think yourself have you bought anything online ever if you ever use your credit card to buy anything online then you are a buyer whether you are here seeking free content whether you are here because you're you already using market hero you are a buyer okay that that's undisputed there's no such thing as people online that are not buyers everybody has bought something online the difference is there's abundance of people online that don't know about don't know about your brand don't have positive expectations when it comes to your brand so what I do on this video right here is I let people know who I am I tell them I'm going to deliver tons of free value to them I'm gonna give them awesome content like I'm giving you like I'm giving you right now on market here I'm going to over deliver a ton of content that's what I'm telling people is going to happen you can trust me we're going to be sending emails to you of tons of content and the reason why we're giving you all this free stuff there's no catch we just hope that you will check out our software in the future that's why I'm giving you this awesome content right now in market hero because I hope you'll check out market hero in the future that's it I want you to see your emails coming go wow you know that Alex guy delivers a ton of content every single time so I do this and over the next few weeks I send people ton of value to build up a ton of trust and rapport with them that's it that's my only goal right there the reason for that is because I have three goals one I want people to stand my email list I want them to open my emails you can't sell anything if people are jumping off your email list and not opening your emails if people don't have positive expectations and like getting emails for you it's just not going to work too I want to build rapport and Trust okay I want to build rapport and Trust because in order for you to sell stuff to people in order for people to buy high ticket products for me maybe a thousand or two thousand dollars maybe in a product of a thousand bucks a month you have to have rapport and Trust without that there's really no point in selling okay there's no magic sales page there's there's a few out there actually but I can't create magic sales pages they get complete strangers they've never interact with my business to give me a thousand bucks I can however get people to like trust and appreciate my content and know that if they give me money they're going to get something good out of it because my free stuff is this good imagine how much the paid stuff is imagine how great that is now that's number two now number three I want to educate people and create that brand loyalty that makes them not want to use other products and use mine over that okay and that in turn right here is what gets me this tremendous ROI when people are going through my funnel okay that's why because people are more likely to buy from me okay while I don't sell up front people buy much more to me more from me long-term okay and the point of email marketing is getting that long term ROI it's not about making immediate money okay I want a person on my email list to be buying from me not just this month throughout two years from now and there are tons of people like that there one source wave that have been on my email list for literally five years and been buying to me for five years do you know the value of that lead is it's like five hundred dollars okay that's why leads get so so incredible all right now what you understand is when people come in the market here oh this is just the phone right here okay we track them when they come into the funnel right here and we're getting $8.37 but after two months six months actually six months the value of every single person that comes in through any of my opt-ins is about twenty two dollars on average okay so that means if I get a thousand people in that means I make about twenty two thousand dollars from those thousand people every single time like clockwork how do I know this because it's tracked and market here oh it's tracked like clockwork okay now in fact you can actually see a few of my other advertising campaigns I'm going to show you where the person is worth twenty four dollars in the first week can I'm gonna be showing that to you later on in this blog as well just stand our email list I'm just going to give you tons more content like this that's not going to be pitches it's not going to be the old half content I'm going to give you full information and others is a free trial link so whenever you feel like you know stop being skeptical and one who tries for free there it is so let's go through this actual photo right here so a person opsin and they go through and I sort them by tags so what happens in the SEO niche especially is that almost five of the ten people that come through my list are already on my email list okay so I need to have a way to get them off of the new beginners this is what happens when new people come my list I have to kind of nurture them and walk them on so what happens is they get sorted by tag my apply tag called source away veteran right here and then I send them to an offer for unis okay so these are emails right here that go out to them so what happens right here when they our new attack is applied to them that says source wave knew okay and you need to understand one cool thing I'm doing right here is when a person just joins my list I don't want them getting the same marketing messages as everybody else on my list so what happens at the end of this attack called source wave general is applied to them and this removes them from the source wave new list and at the end of the day goes through and makes sure they're not getting the same marketing messages what's really cool right here is when we go through and you look at this first email it's sent out right here what happens is you can actually see I'm making a lot of money just by sending out free value so you can see happens right here people go through and they jump through and they click and get the SEO niches that are going on right here okay so they get a free training from source wave and you can actually see just this free training with the link to our University is actually making a lot of money okay we've actually made about two thousand bucks just right here alone so that's cool that's great now as people go through this what you can see happening right here is I start sending people value-based emails they get a ranking email right here it shows them how to rank their site very quickly and if they don't click this email or if they don't click any email what happens is they get a follow-up email it's the same email with a different headline okay the reason I do that is I want to make sure people get my content-based emails if they're not getting those it really really lessens the power of the pitches that are coming up so I want to make sure they see it so for example I seen this value right here and if they don't glow and click it they don't go and open it what's going to happen right here is they get sent the email again okay so what then happens is I send them a pitch for a product right here you can see a product source hunter right here you can see a few people bought this one right here this pitch didn't actually do so well I need to go actually improve that you can see more people are actually buying on the second pitch right there that being said what happens is a person gets offered a pitch for source hunter right here okay this is a rank tracking program and what then happens is if they buy it they continue down the funnel if they don't buy it they get sent another follow up for that in the form of a free trial or something like that okay now they keep going through the funnel they keep going to the funnel I repeat the value value value pitch us at offer right there what happens when we're closed like a ton of seals is right here with source Unni so a person goes through and what then happens is they go through get more value emails again if they don't open the value emails they get a follow-up email and then we start really hammering them with source Unni okay so at that point in time you got to understand too when people are getting these value emails they're also buying as well that's where a lot of this earning per lead is coming from because even when we send value a lot of cash is being made and so we set them through this value right here and then basically send them source Unni and if they buy source Unni they get kicked out of the funnel and sent to source we've general if they don't buy source you they get offered a free trial so you can see we're kind of reacting based on what people are doing now as soon as they get kicked out of this funnel they usually get hit with a high ticket offer again where a lot of this earning per lead comes from but that's exactly all I do okay that's all I do and what market here makes it so easy to do is say wow you're making eight dollars and thirty cents per lead just buy leads for eight dollars and 30 cents that's it that's all you have to do that's literally all you have to do Alex so this right here is how I grew my first business I just go out there and I send people through this funnel I get this money back and I just buy more leads and that's how generate lists of tens of thousands of SEO s that's it also just a heads up when you join market hero here in a second to the free trial this whole entire funnel will actually be already set up in your account so you can actually just go along and follow in I have everything written out so you can copy exactly what I'm doing the second you get inside you don't even have to draw you know this all out like everybody else has to so check that out that's pretty cool right and back to what we were talking about I wish I could make it more complicated than that but that's that's the power of knowing your LTV and knowing that I know over six months with the tracking side mark here oh I'm making $22 back okay so this is massively massively massively massively profitable for me as long as I'm paying four to five dollars per lead making $22 back in six months so that's what I got for you today well we're actually be hopping into in the next photos how I run the advertising okay I'm going to show you how I buy the ads the advertisements I run and really how I kind of keep the the cost per lead around three to four dollars and then how I go out there and track that we're also going to dive into the exact emails I'm sending in the actual sales pitches that are getting that ROI we're also going go on the webinars we're going all sorts of cool stuff coming up here on the blog like I said before this is just a pure content blog I want you to love coming here even if you're not a customer I want you to learn some crazy things coming to this blog so that being said what you should do now my buddy my friend you should definitely subscribe to our YouTube channel I placed a link right here so whenever release new videos you can check it out as well I also be sending these video updates through your email so be sure to whitelist our email even though it should be landing in your inbox anyways and be sure to check it out now if you think market here looks really cool you can go below this video anyone this page is linked to a free trial 14-day free trial there you go it's it's that easy just hop over check it out come inside there's a pull onboarding process where we show you to use it and it's going to blow your mind so that being said it's been Alex Becker and I can't wait this in the next video it's gonna be really groovy awesome wonderful lots of hyperbole it's going to be made so I'll catch you next video this has been Becker see you then

================================================================================
TITLE: broadcast
VIDEO ID: CiZb_PwuJDI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiZb_PwuJDI
================================================================================

all right guys welcome to another training video you need to help so i'm here to help you so what we're going to work on right now is the broadcast i'm going to show you how to use this now like everything else in the system it's extremely simple but you can go very very deep with it so i'm going to show you uh how to do that so basic very basic email sending system right here from the get go you want to set your from name and your address is going to be coming from okay also be sure to check out the spf video that's provided in the original training area as well so with that being said how this works is almost the same exact way as the lead system okay so i can go right here and if i want to send just a basic email to everybody that has the tag source wave and that's how we segment our users we can do that now we can do a lot of other cool things with advanced settings just like in the leads area we can have it say all right we want everybody that has a tag source wave but does not have the tag alex becker okay so i don't want people from this list getting the same email so we can do that you can see how it reduces the amount of people on there so it subtracts 5000 people that have uh that specific tag and we can just go as deep as we want we can do anybody that has this tag uh for example we do anybody who has a sorcery tag but has bought uh this product right here add that right there and you can see you know it subtracts it from there so i can go and target people that haven't bought a proc i can target people that haven't seen a certain page target people that have been on the list for a certain amount of time it just goes on and on and on and on and on so i'm just gonna send a basic email right here and we're gonna go to email sequence so what you can do right here is you can create a new email you can use a template use template you can simply go right here you can see all the emails you previously sent you can select one of them and uh boom it's there you can go and edit the template change the uh the title the subject of the email the text the email it's all here for you to use pretty simple now um if you need any help other than this about the the the email builder it's very simple just drag and drop you can put your text right here you know write it all up and stuff like that you can go and change you can put an image right there you can go select your image just click it add the image to it um and you can do just about anything now if you want to control the styles how the email looks and everything we can go right here to change the overall uh style the email we can change it to whatever we want whatever we want to do and finally the last thing you might get confused with is the image you can go add an image right here i'm just going to go grab an image that we usually use let's just go and grab that image you see it loads up you can change the link right there if you want and they go and change the size of our image we go out here to block style and we just go like that so we can change it as much as we want we can change the padding around the image everything is super customizable as you can see we can change the body color of the the email it's all here okay anything you need in an email center to send simple emails is there and if you want to make it beautiful and pretty and stuff there's all the tools you need to do that as well you can add bigger images and whatever you need to do okay fairly simple so i'm going to cancel not going to save that um and that's really all there is to it we can create a new email it's essentially the same exact thing just make sure you have your unsubscribe uh your abuse link right here and your address you can go and actually add these by going right here and going to links and you can go and add any of these things right here you can add them in any way you want i like this this comes loaded in every template because it's very subtle and very low there but i know some people want to custom unsubscribe and review spine now you need to understand also with the report abuse button the cool thing about this is it's not going to count as a complaint against your account we will simply see it and see that somebody's complaining but this prevents people from actually complaining and damaging your account so keep that in mind now that's how that all works this is how the email center works at this point in time all we do is click send after naming the broadcast so we can find it in stats later and that's all there is to it it's very simple now let's imagine right here i want to go and i want to see the stats on the broadcast i since just sent so in guard here we can view stats and i'll just look at this email right here okay you can see the stats everybody opened i can see exactly how much this email generated me what people bought everything like that and i can go through and see who clicked this email make a segment for that i can go back and see who complained i can go back and see exactly how much i earned per click per open uh per everything and i wasn't even pitching anything this email so that's really cool it shows like hey if i send like value content out people still are like buying stuff through that so i can go right here maybe i want to mail the unopened people uh move around and this just gives me more ways to segment my list and mail people and talk and have different conversations with the type of customers that i've had based on the behavior that they've interacted with me with that's a lot of big words but i can basically talk to people based on what they've done and have a real conversation with them instead of sending everybody the exact same thing that's really the coolest thing on top of the ltv tracking instead of market hero i think so if you have any more questions be sure to hit up our super handy support right here they'll be able to answer everything for you and that's how the broadcast system works it's really simple really easy to use um again just recap it real quick to send you broadcast you just click new broadcast if you want to see your stats or what's going on with your broadcast right now i just click here and you can see the stats names everything like that so fairly simple that's all there is to it and i'll catch you in the next training

================================================================================
TITLE: leads
VIDEO ID: x43tGY5UqIM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x43tGY5UqIM
================================================================================

alright hey there buddy old pal this is Becker again and we're going to be getting into you how to use your lead section right now since you have asked for help so what I want to show you how to do is how to use the lead section and what this section does is two main things one it allows you to find segments of your lead search for leads find whose active who's not basically fine all the info you need to know about your leads and put certain people in certain places and then it also allows you to do is calculate the amount of money that you've earned from those leads so for example right here if I want to go search for a specifically and we're gonna start with the most basic use of this and get down to the more complicated uses of it now first things first let's get into how to actually import leads okay it's that super simple but you're gonna go out here and you're just gonna grab a CSV file so I'm gonna grab this one right here and how it works and let me just open up the CSV file for you is what's gonna happen is you gonna import your CSV file and you're gonna have the columns in the CSV file let me open it up so you can see what it looks like okay so we have the CSV file open right here and these are all fake emails so don't worry about that that's just an example emails but what we have is different columns right here and you can set columns for whatever you want so if we want to put all the people's emails in this column all their corresponding names and lastname and these columns you can totally do that super cool what I usually just do is I import the email so it's just straight up so you won't have a column that has all your emails on it so after you import it you're gonna see when you upload it all the different columns that are in your CSV file so I'm gonna go right here and mark this one as you know so that's what it is that's gonna tell the system its email then we're gonna fill a little bit of information right here so first off we want to tag it leads so I'm gonna mark these as source with okay adding it to my source wave list right here now and what we want to do right here that might confuse you a little bit is we want to go and look at your previous mailings of these emails on your previous mailing platform okay a lot of other mailers or autoresponders they won't even let you import leads or they're gonna call you in the phone or they're gonna talk to you or they're gonna do all sorts of things to make sure the leads you're importing are good leads okay and that improves the improve ability or the deliverability of the entire system so what we want to do is streamline that we don't have to call you on the phone we don't have to talk to you we don't have to like expect you or anything like that if you just give us access to your previous mailing platform our staff can go in make sure that you've explored the list the right way make sure you exported all your active leads not unsubscribe people that are gonna complain and stuff like that and um make sure that you're bringing leads you're gonna get a lot of success within the system now this is optional you can import the leads and not give us your information but you're gonna need to talk to our staff and you're gonna tell us need to tell us where these leads are coming from and we're gonna need to talk to you about it because we can't have you coming in and importing twenty five thousand people that you have no business emailing which some people will do and that's why we yeah and this system right here now if you don't want to play by these rules you can simply integrate with Amazon SES and you can send from your own email server that's completely fine we'll allow you to do that but if you want to send from our server we just simply need you to do this we're not gonna go and do anything weird inside your mailing platform we're just gonna make sure that you've emailed these leads in the past and you are these are people that you're actually talking to you so I'm just gonna put like Aweber right here I'm gonna put just a fake user name fake password and a contact number we can call you app if we need to talk to you now after you import your leads what's usually gonna happen is we have people watching the imports 24/7 you're gonna see a little pop-up right here and our staff is gonna message you just asking a little bit about your leads and then they'll approve the leads for you to mail it's that easy it's that simple that's all there is to it so let's actually get into you actually using the lead system the fine leads and import leads and getting more you know complicated stuff so if I wanna go in just search for an email for example I can just go up here and if I know there's a specific email on my list I can just go look it up right here and then if I want to do anything to that email I can simply select it I can do a whole bunch of things I can delete it I can export it I can add tags to it I can remove tags from it I can generate and see exactly how much that email is actually spent with me you can see this this dude actually has not spent anything so I can also go no I don't want to delete the lead but you can see how easy it is to go and do that so if I want to go all right here and I want to search for tags with a certain or leads with a certain tag I just click are here to click show results and you can see right here it shows me all these leads now if I want to I can go generate the LTV and you can see it's ten cents per lead right here now I just upload this list the other day the usual math I make per lead from this list is like $15 per lead or something like that but the six months of tracking is in there quite yet so now what we can also do is a lot more advanced segmentation for example we can go and say source wave and I can say anybody who's bought the product let's just say this offer right here okay and so I can go and I can do anybody that has both these tags okay so what it's gonna show is three of them alright so I can see right here the exact value for each of these leads to 749 dollars if you can see I okay I can see these two these people bought our Herer have this tag and have bought this proc so you can see I can use this describe a lot of things now I can also go and say okay let's get everybody that has a tax source way but hasn't bought this products I can go right here and go like OMG op store we can do this with tags too I'm just doing a products right here and it will pull up a list of people that haven't buzz so let's say a lot of people on my list have gone and bought a certain product I don't want to market them again with that type of off right there so we'll give me a segment of my list I can go and work with and I can go right here and I can send the email to musing this this option to send email to this segment is not currently here yet but should be here when you hop in and I can add tags to these people and I can remove tags and do whatever I want so we can basically describe any type of lead in this situation now we can click right here on advanced and we can go and find everybody that's do you know has opened in the past four months so if we want to clean and get rid of everybody that hasn't opened what we can do is we can simply go and say all right these people have opened in the last four months or so we ran a specific tag to them and then anybody that doesn't have that tag we just delete from our list or we move into like a dead email segment of our list we can see the last click date and we can see who's unsubscribe basically everything you get everyone know so if I want to see like everybody complained on my email list it will show 18 contexts and so I don't want these people on my email list okay so what I'm gonna do right now I'm just gonna delete them because these people you know complain when they receive emails so those people are gone forever so you can see how I'm easily going through my list and in finding any type of segment any type of description any type of person on my list and then building it like that it's very cool it's very flexible and while it's very simple you can go super deep with it so I could be like anybody that has this this tag and the source wave tag has all these tags and I'm not sure people have it doesn't have like the tag let's just say Alex Beckham you all right and so I can do that no one's going to show up on that right there because there's no combination but we can just get as deep into the segmenting as you want now the last thing I want to show you that we've already touched on but I just want to go over it is if you click right here and you go okay I want to get rid of that people have a complaint I just delete everyone a complaint so I want to show sealed active people to have the source wave tag so you can see right here boom and what we're going to do now is we can go and generate the LTV for everybody on here so give it one sec and so we'll go on show us the long-term value so this is really important when you're building out your ads and you're saying okay so everybody who came through the specific funnel let's say we tagged somebody the second they enter one of our opt-ins oh we can see exactly how much they spent and as they are on our list longer longer you're going to see the value of that email increase as if people keep buying more and more stuff from you so that's super important when it comes to growing your ads and advertising that's one of the most beautiful things about market here we're gonna have a lot more functions coming in that show you like the amount of time it takes to get the LTB how much they spend over time so you'll see how much you earn on 1 week 2 week 3 weeks on average a lot of other cool stuff like that but this is how you use the lead section if you have any questions be sure to just hit up our super friendly awesome support right here and they'll be all over it for you so that's what I got for you this has been Becker and be sure to use their support if you need anything we're here 24/7 so take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: tshirt4
VIDEO ID: 8LeMMmNMkXI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LeMMmNMkXI
================================================================================

[Music] okay guys this is Becker again welcome to the fourth video the end of this video the T-shirt button will unlock you able to enter your address and we'll be transplanting that funnel into your account but let's talk about how to send emails to all those people that are opting in now and all the people that you imported earlier on so before we send an email what you're going to want to do is you're want to go to settings and you want to fill out this information right here you want to give your business address when signing up if you don't want to use your actual address that's fine and you also want to put in your send name your default reply to email all this information right here so that market Hero has your information when you send it out it won't actually let you send an email until you put the stuff in because it's illegal to go out there and send emails without a return address so now that you've done that what you want to do is we want to go over here to broadcast you want to go to add new broadcast now very simple I'm just going to go put in my address I'm going to be sending from and when you get inside there's actually going to be a guide called the SPF guide it's going to be above this right here it's going to be the first thing you also see when you come in it's a quick little thing you can add to your websites to make sure your emails get almost double the deliverability that they probably do at other places you're probably using a random email or like a support email that you don't have connected to your site because of that your deliverability is probably hurting a lot from that so be sure to watch that now I'm going to put in my from name right here and this is where stuff starts to get fun so I'm going to go right here and I'm going to put in who's going to receive this email let's so let's say I want everybody who has the Alex Becker tag on them anybody who's joined my Alex Becker brand list I I want to send an email to them okay but let's imagine I'm sending this out to them and I'm trying to romote a product I just sent them so I don't want to send the same email that people have already bought something so what I can do right here is I can go down to Advanced setting and I want to have add a negative tag or a negative segment to this and so I go right here and I can put in the dollar sign and I can go and pick offers someone might have bought or I can pick another tag any combination of anything so I have this right here and you're going to see this is going to subtract 11 people from that total segment right there so what we have now is a segment of people who have not bought a certain product but are on a certain list pretty cool right we can easily go and do all sorts of stuff with this and all sorts of other combinations that we'll get into and then more advanced tutorials inside the system now what we can do right here is we can go and send an email we can use a template by just clicking here and loading up templates we've used in the past you can see really simple uh template that I have used in the past there or we can just go create a new email now the way the email Builder works really simple we just go here we can add text we can add an image if we want and um that's it we can go out here you can start writing your email out we can format it we can go and change uh the styles of the font you know really easy to use we can change the width of the email you can change the color uh everything in here is customizable to whatever extent you want we can go change you know the image Dimensions right here we can do anything we want inside of this uh it's extremely flexible extremely simple and really good at sending really simple plain sexy emails to just look great you can also go out there add images add your own HTML and stuff like that that makes it you know look super unique but one emailing tip right here the more plain your email is the less HTML you have going on the better chance you have delivering and getting in the inbox especially that Gmail promotions tag if you have a lot of images it's going to be really hard to inbox in the promotions tag like that so I'm just going to hit save right here and let's just imagine I'm going to send this ugly email out don't do this to your list you goof and then I go over here and hit send now and boom it goes out now let's say I want to see the stats for this email we're going to click back the broadcast so what we can now do is we can go back through our emails that we' sent out and we can click see stats we can actually see everyone who's opened it we can create a segment based on that which I'll show you in a second we can see how much money that email generated based on the tracking codes we talked about even down right to to the earning per email that we sent out now say we want to mail to everybody that didn't open it we can go right here click on opened and boom it will show us a list of everybody didn't open and we can just go up here and send it to them so that's the broadcast system in a nutshell that's all there is to it you can do a lot of advanced things with it or you can keep it really simple and that's the Pinnacle of what we want to do at Mark hero allow you to do super Advanced Marketing in a very simple easy to understand way so this has been Becker I'll see you on the next page be sure to fill out your address information below for the T-shirt uh your funnel should already be inside your system and really I really really encourage you to watch the SPs video that's going to allow you to connect your emails and Market hero to your actual website so Google and all the other big inboxes can recognize that you're not sending out dooo okay so this has been Becker I can't wait to get you inside if you have any questions whatever hit up our support staff right here from 9: to 5 they are here for you very fast support and that's all I got today so this has been Becker I'll see you inside thanks so much for becoming a part of Market hero

================================================================================
TITLE: tshirt3
VIDEO ID: 0fu9aDgiTdw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fu9aDgiTdw
================================================================================

[Music] hey what's going on welcome to video 3 here are just one video after this away from the t-shirt and getting my entire paid funnel that I've been using imported into your system so listen up stay tuned we're just we're almost done here so what we're going to do in this video is build our basic optins and our basic email funnels now inside the system when you get inside there's a much more detailed explanation if you can't figure out how to do this on your own I feel a lot of people will be to figure it out cuz it's so simple but if you need or need any more information there's going to be a little bubble down here that you can click that will show you all the videos and everything you can do to use this in advanced ways but let's start off with a basic funnel slil stream so we're going to click new stream right here and what you're going to do is you're going to create your first optin right here so what the optin is going to do is it's going to build an optin for you now you can do a bunch of different things right here for the optin button that you use you can go and create a button that will have a drop down you can use an image instead you can use a link uh you you can even go and create your own HTML code from it uh that will generate when you build it out here and you can go and paste that HTML code anywhere so if I want to go here and I set this button to be like this um and I go to preview and I remove the first name and last name so you can see this is what this is what's going to drop down when people click it but I'm going to remove the first and last name I could even go over and click okay right here and go to the form it'll give me an HTML code I can use to embed in lead Pages or any opt-in form system you're using however our system does it just as well and how it's going to work is just like this you can see boom pops down gives us an optin right here this is what converts the highest however if you have your own forms and stuff like that you can always just embed our HTML into that so um this is done simply by going and grabbing the embed code that market hero is going to spit out to you and you just embed it wherever you want in your site so we'll create that button if you use an image you can create your own button that will be used instead of what was used in an image heck you can even just create a text link that will bring down a drop down for you so that's how it is people go into the system and very simple so then what you can do right here is we want to go and I'm going to apply a tag to let me know that people opted in through this optin so I'm going to make a new tag that says Market Hero Test optin so anybody that comes in through this optin will be tagged with this tag and so I can easily go search them up later on and calculate how much money they've made me or just see who joined through this optin so then what I want to do is I want to add an email that will be sent to the person so go right here we can send one email and then I'm going to have it go in I'm just going to I'm going not really fill this out because we don't really need to do all this and I'm not going to get into the email Builder too much we'll get into the next video and I'm just going to hit save okay so let's imagine then I want to uh let's just say apply another tag right here I actually want to sort by tag uh and so everybody that comes in I want to go two directions so let's have an email right here let's have an email right here actually we'll put a delay right here and this is where I'm going to show you just the basic automation Side Market hereo so let's say we want to sort by the market Hero Test tag that we created all right so we can go right here and we can go and type in right there so let's say that the person has that tag and so if they do have the tag they'll get sent here if they don't have the tag they'll get sent here very simple um and so then I can go here to delay and I can set wait at least 3 days and I can set a specific time or whatever for it to run and then I can have them get sent this email so look what's been done right here very simple to use person opts in Market hero tag is applied to them they're send an email then it sorts them by the market hero tag that was applied to them in a yes no situation if they have the tag which they will cuz we applied it right here they'll go to this delay they'll wait 3 days they'll get an email they don't have the tag which won't happen in this situation but just showing the automation they'll get this email and so that's how we go and build our basic email funnels that's how we go and create our opin you just created this crazy automated Advanced thing in just two seconds right here in Market hero and that's what we're all about so this is how this works there'll be much deeper instructions if you click the little bubble that will show up right here in every tab there's a little button that shows you more detail instructions on how to use it but that's how it works so this is been Becker you have one more video to go and that's it so let's get on to that right now I'm going to show you to send your broadcast and do some basic lead segmenting it's going to allow you to do some really cool segmenting and advanced mailing and whatever else you want to do so see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: welcome
VIDEO ID: AesQ0Yu04dk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AesQ0Yu04dk
================================================================================

hey what's up this is Alex Becker you probably saw my sweet picture on the other page I'm actually designing the webinar funnel slil funnel that you're going through right now in Market hero so it's it's pretty cool and obviously you know this webinar is going to be talking about Market hero that's what we're using to design the funnels that we're going to be talking about in this webinar what I'm going to be showing you in this webinar just to really go back over it is I'm going to be showing you this funnel that I've been using and then we're actually going to give you the entire template right here here's the template that consistently gets me an 8 XR y on all of my advertising and because of that you know if I'm going out there spending $1.5 to $2,000 a day it's making me an extra $10,000 to $16,000 in annual income every single day and so I'm going to be walking you through this entire thing and show you exactly how it works and once you have this dialed down once you're able to get your numbers which Market hero gives you as you're going to see in this webinar we actually have one running right now that I'm going to walk you through uh you can just scale to the moon and do exactly what I'm doing right here cuz it's just predictable long-term income that you can just pump out in any type of business uh whether you're offline online selling products or anything now on top of that when you attend this webinar if you don't attend you're not going to get this okay I'm going to be mean about this what I'm also going to give you is an opt-in template that I've been using that gets me 80 to 60% opt-in rates consistently in multiple niches bodybuilding SEO uh internet courses and so forth info marketing uh even like diet pills and and like workout shakers just basically anything out there and just by doing this alone you can actually double your business overnight and I'm going to explain to you how that works because you're able to go in double your opin rates you get twice the customers at half the price it's crazy so you definitely want to attend cuz if you don't attend uh you're not going to get that so with that being said the date and time for your webinar is below this is going to be actually live you will be sitting down with me this is not going to be an auto webinar and so this will be off the book I'll even tell some funny jokes you're not going to get any right now okay we get one all right why don't they play cards in the jungle there's too many cheetahs all right that's all you get for now this has been Becker I can't wait to see it the date and time below and um that's all I got for right now see you soon