# Alex Becker - Complete YouTube Channel Transcripts
# Total videos found: 142
# Downloaded: 2026-02-19 03:57:18
# Source: https://www.youtube.com/@alexbeckerbusiness/videos



================================================================================
TITLE: I Vibe Coded A $100,000 A Day App (My Step by Step Process)
VIDEO ID: 7DwDddzwoVY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DwDddzwoVY
================================================================================

No, you oversensitive, emotional, silly Sally. Take your Xanax pills. Calm down. The title of this video, not clickbait. I have SAS companies that are generating me well over $100,000 per day. And in this video, I'm going to show you how as a CEO and a non-technical founder, how I vibe code the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of these. And look, I know you as my viewer, you might have been wondering the past 45, 60 days, why have I been making videos? Where have I been? And the God's honest truth is once Opus 4.5 dropped, it unlocked an ability to code and add things to my SAS companies that I never had before. This is equivalent to giving a college kid who's just been getting drunk on beer the last couple years a juice energy drink. If you guys remember those things, it was it was caffeine mixed with excessive amounts of alcohol. You would get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasted off one. It was it was wonderful. And just like discovering Opus 4.5, it was the point where code from LLM has hit the point where as a non-technical person, you can build substantial significant improvements to your SAS company or just vibe code a company from scratch if you know what you're doing. And in this video, I'm going to be breaking down my entire process for doing that at my companies and where we've made huge giant leaps with my companies to achieve this. On top of this, I'm going to be breaking down how you should be doing this if you're a new founder and you actually want to code from scratch and how to work with your developers or if you're a developer how you should be working in your systems right now. And yes, what I'm going to do is is the typical vibe coding CEO is going to be telling you as a person and an engineer how you should be running your code if this video wasn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] obnoxious enough. And so that's it. We're going to go through the entire process start to finish. Here it is and everything we're going to go through. Let's begin. So, first off, what is vibe coding and agentic coding? And does it can you actually code? Can you actually do this on production software? Can you actually do this to make money? Not these little stupid shitty apps you see everybody doing, not to organize your email. Can this be done at large scale or to build your first company and start making money through? The answer is yes, with caveats. Right now, what people think vibe coding is is they're either in two camps. One, they either think it's some useless stupid silver spoon preachy developer thing. they won't touch it kind of vibe or your person who's screaming developers are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] engineers are over, no one needs developers ever again on Twitter. And both of these people are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They're both wrong. I'm going explain to you why. See, engineering is is not dead. And developing and needing engineers is definitely not dead either. You're not going to be replacing any engineers anytime soon because developing software still takes engineering, which is knowing how the architecture of the software goes together. I don't care if you have people building your house, which is the AI. You still need to know if you're the architect how everything goes together and fits together. You need to be able to plan. You need to be able to structure ideas. You need to be able to plan how things are going to work and fit together in the system that you're building. So, what does this mean? I don't think vibe coding is capable of building or adding anything to your companies. I don't like the term vibe coding because you really don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing and you're just going off vibes. I do like the term agentic engineering, which is just basically a fancier way to say vibe coding. It makes me feel better about myself. But in truth, what we're doing is we're going to be doing the same engineering that you see done in software, the same processes that come to planning, building, and putting it all together. But we're going to be using agents to code a lot of it and agents to review the code. And you can do massive amounts of improvements to live apps, large apps. And if you understand how to put this together in your softwares and the strategy behind it, you can do it on large production apps. You can use it to start apps from scratch and start billing and running a completely legitimate software company. and you can use it to make massive improvements to how your company works as well. I'm going to be showing you examples of all these right now. So, look, this isn't going to be a how-to to use Claude and Opus and everything that comes with it. I will make one of those if you guys really want. I just feel there are better videos on it on YouTube. And the more important thing to using Opus or any of the LLMs, it doesn't matter which ones you're using, is understanding the process that you go through with the LLMs to plan, structure, and then develop your apps. The the process is what matters. It's the conversation you're having with LMS. It isn't the specific techniques you're using. From my point of view, which is not someone who's doing massive there's the super genius engineers out there, okay? And there's the people that are building all sorts of crazy technical stuff. If you're building some new functional form of technology that's able to send people back in time, please disregard what I'm saying here. But for the most part, if you're trying to get results with vibe coding or what I'm going to refer to as agentic coding to sound scientific and smart for the rest of the video, you don't need to be doing all these technical crazy things. If you're going and browsing around, you're seeing people running eight different windows at once. You're going to see people talk about Ralph loops and you're going to be see talk about their all their agents and their skill setup and their building steps. And the truth is if you just understand how the process works and how context windows work and how overall the thing is going to be thinking and putting things together, you don't need to be doing complicated anything. And in fact, I think the complicated anything make it even worse because as you're building something, it's like if you're building out a house, you need to go one step at a time and you don't need to be doing 5,000 different things all at once. And yes, there's all sorts of automations and clever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but you don't need the clever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You need to be able to carefully think about what you're doing because when you're building these things, it often doesn't require this thing to sit there for 12 hours in code. You're going to work with it. It's going to do it for 20 minutes and you're going to come back. So, first let's back up to that right there. We don't want to get into the super technicalities of this. I want to show you the overview and the thought process how to use and then you can of course go figure out how to learn how to use clog code or something on your own if you're not using it. I don't I if you're a founder right now and you're not ability you don't have the ability to use cloud coder or opus or anything like that, you really are just behind. So you should get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. But that being said, you need to understand as we get into this how you're going to be applying this. You're not going to be cracking open your large production software. I'm not going to be cracking open just booting up, throwing it in in VS Code and Cloud and just going to town on the thing. Okay? That's not how I want to do it. And I also don't want to go to certain parts of the software and start coding on it. I also don't want to be messing with the general software overall because what you're going to see when you're working with really large apps is the problem with really large apps isn't the fact that you can't write code [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fast enough. It's the fact that the code needs to be reviewed and every code affects every other part of the code of the app and it has to be understood how it goes in there. And even if the code you pass doesn't have bugs in it, say you don't pass bugs for two, three months, the problem is slowly people stop understanding the code and they slowly start stop understanding how everything fits together. So again, even if you're coding with LMS or you're coding uh by hand, the main issue you're going to run into with large apps, it doesn't matter whether which route you're taking is making sure that the architecture and everything you're building fits on top of each other. And you're going to run into the same issue with LMS if you're using it to write code because it's like you're trying to build a Lego castle and you're not thinking about what's going on this part of the Lego castle or maybe someone's building in the Lego castle over here and they're not considering what's happening over here. And if you have two people building, even if they're working with the best AIS on earth, if they interject with it, they're not going to fit together. And you do have a giant big old problem just like in normal code. So again, you're still going to run into a lot of the large problems that you have at scale when it comes to coding by hand. And you really don't save that much time coding with AI unless you understand how to use it to give like huge massive impact very quickly and segregate what you're doing from the rest of your product. So, I need you to understand that rough little analysis I just gave you before you actually start talking about how we're going to be coding our apps. So, in this example, I'm going to use one of my companies, Hyros, and we're doing about $40 million a year right there, cruising past that. We're growing about 30 40% a year right now. So, it's going well. Companies, it's it's it's a serious company. We're not we're not selling ice cubes in the side of the road. And at Hyros, it's gotten to the point where I'm spending about half my day developing and engineering solutions for the product. It's actually just crazy. So that's one of the reasons I've been making videos because we're getting so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done because of the huge breakthroughs in in LLM and AI coding that just way more profitable and better for my time just be doing this all day. So I want to show you how I think about this at the company and how it's being used on a live giant working service. You can take any of these and apply them to your existing businesses. You can also use them to start another business from scratch. There have been things I have coded up or aically coded. I'm just going to use the word coded in parentheses because I don't think I'm here writing JavaScript and and building out my apps. I think I'm vibe coding, but we're just going to say coding. Okay, I'm not going to say it anymore or explain the difference between them. But I've coded up things at Hyru that could be their own softwares by themselves and I could easily start selling. My goal is to build a company that's making $100 million per year. So, I'm not going to do that right now, but feel free to take these all away. So, as we look at this right here, I want to talk about the three types of apps you can build. So the first thing you need to understand that vibe coding gives you the ability to do at your companies is MVP things very fast and find the technical solutions that can be implemented in your software very fast. So for example if you're a product person which I am my main job at Hyros is to think of the product the designs and everything that's going to go there. You can think of a lot of things and how you want your product to work but technically the things you think up you're not always going to to know exactly if that's the way they're going to be put together and work. So, for example, when you're building an AI agent bot or something that sends emails or manages some part of the company or uh captures code in some certain way, the code and how everything puts together, your team's going to have to figure it out and encode it into your solution. And that can just take a lot of time just for them to research and figure out, much less find the best way to actually optimize it. So, for example, one of the things you can do is build parts of your app that you want to have, build the features out and find the optimal ways for them. So, for example, at our software, Hyros Air, we're able to pinpoint people coming to websites and recognize them uh regardless of whether they enter anything on the the website and follow up with them via e-commerce emails and reps and all sorts of cool stuff. But one of our bigger problems was we had a really hard time making good-looking emails. And so, I had to go and figure out like how can we make these emails look really good when they're generated by AI. And it takes a lot of combinations and you have to know exactly what things are going together and how all the system prompts and user prompts are all put together. And I didn't want my team spending all their time that they would be spending developing features actually figuring this out. So I was able to work with Claude and actually come and develop an app that allows me to test basically any type of generation method with AI the second comes out and I'm able to vibe code and it allows me to then make really beautiful emails and then find the cost and make things optimal for the software and then pass the optimal code to my team. And so I'm able to go and test all sorts of different product features and strategies for the product very very quickly and then find the best version of it and then take the code from that. Have Claude go generate the code that would be optimal based on the high-risisk code and then give that to the team and say hey put this into the product and find a way to put it in there. And so then the engineers time is only spent doing things that are making money and making the features better. This is one of the best ways that I found at first to use it. Now the next thing you can do is also code up things that allow your team to work faster. So for example, one of the most difficult things at Hyris is we have a lot of complex setups that our customers have to use to install the app. Once they do it, their ads absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. By the way, if you're watching this, you have a SAS company. I think you should be using Hyris. There's a reason why everybody uses it because you plug in your ads, you're going to make 10 to 15% 20% sometimes more from your ads. Particularly SAS and B2B ads. This is why every big brand in the world uses it. You can come check it out right now. You can use it. It has a 90-day refund guarantee. If you don't see results from it, you don't see the results I just talked about, you don't pay for it. But we've been around for a very long time at this point. We have thousands and thousands of customers. It's a pretty big company. So, if it didn't work consistently, we wouldn't be there. You should come use it if you're watching this video and you want to make more money from your ads, particularly if you're a SAS business. Anyways, at our SAS company, one of the hardest things is managing people's installs and then keeping all the install documentation up to site up to date on our sites. And so, one of the things you can do, and I'm going to show you the really cool apps here in a second, but I I you some people might roll their eyes because the sexiest thing you build is is infrastructure apps for your business, but this is one of the best applications for it. So you can see with this app right here, what it does is it allows my team to go and manage all the documentation for the business. And you can see if we scroll this over right here, it has when the documentation is uploaded, when it's marked good, it has the person's signed name next to it. And what happens when people are using this with one of our install apps, when the installs go wrong, the customer reports bad, the status turns to bad, it alerts the team, and then they go and check what happened with the bad status and then update doc. And so what this allows us to do is simultaneously manage hundreds of docs that talk about the installs and keep them up to date with what's going on with the companies. And so you can see we used to have a really ugly um documentation website, but I went in and made an entirely new documentation website that manages all this and it plugs into these txt files which then also can then be plugged into Claude. So Claude can set up our our app for our customers as well. But regardless, I was able to go and get all these txt files and it updates these. Cloud's going to look at the TXT files and then rewrite our documentation based on the txt files. So, it's sim it literally allows us to do one of the biggest challenges that we had at our company effortlessly and stay on top of it without our our customer support team having to manage and write hundreds of docs and stay on top of it manually. It's all done for us directly from this system. So, the next thing you can use this for at your companies is infrastructure in your companies. All right, so we have all sorts of new apps and all things to make our teams lives easier. Massive, massive, massive unlock. Just these two right here allow us to get so much more done at Hyros that is focused around getting results for the customer and the product itself. So the two thing I want you to notice right here is we found a lot of ways to segregate what we're building from the actual software itself. This is important because you need to realize when you go in and mess with actual software, the deep internal guts of the software, you're not going to blow everything up. You can 100% use agentic coding inside your software using the steps I'm going to show you in this process. You want your engineers knowing this stuff. You want your engineers working like this. You want your engineers using LOMs a lot when they're coding. There's ways to use it in a controlled format that definitely work. What I'm saying right here is especially if you're a non-technical founder and you're looking to get not be engineering your main software kind of like I do or working with the teams and and the things they're doing, you need to be understanding that one of the best ways to use agentic coding is when it's segregated from your software because then you can make little mini apps to get massive massive progress for your company done that are completely risk-f free to build. And if if you understand the basics what I'm going to show you in this video, maintaining these and keeping these going is effortless. Okay. So, the final thing I'm actually going to show you is actually userused applications. All right. So, I'm going to show you one thing that we've created right here. All right. So, this is actually a setup extension and I built and what it does is, well, I'll just show you what it does. I can type in WordPress right here. And what we had the biggest problem with at Hyros was people getting set up and installing Hyros. So, what I did is we created that that TXT system I showed you. And then I created an app that is going to allow LLM to essentially watch your screen while you're doing setup. And then it walks you through step by step how to do the entire setup. So if I use this app right now, it will walk me through screen by screen, tell me exactly what to do to set up Hyros for WordPress or whatever I type in. It will go scrape my site, look at my stack, and it will go and then tell me what to do. It's basically like having a customer support agent that will sit by with our customers and help them install Hyros, which was our single biggest blocker. Like that's the big problem at Hyros. It's not that it doesn't get results or works. Every time when people come in and set this up, they see huge results in their ads. It basically prints money for people when they come in. It's getting them to take the effort to sit down and actually install it, which in the in the past required people to have to sit down, go through our documentation, figure out their stack, set up, work with our customer support people, get on customer support calls. And as good as our customer support is, people don't like dealing with customers. So that was one of our biggest reasons for turn is because it takes a little bit of time to set up Pyros. Not anymore. And so we're able to use vibe coding to go and solve massive huge chunks of our business. Now with vibe coding as well, we've made I've been working [snorts] on huge leaps at Hyros that allow us to get the raw data, use the APIs to build stuff. There's just nutty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we can put into the software. And if you're thinking about when you're building these type of of mini apps inside of your business, if you think when you're using it for your users or you're giving it to your users, how you can either build stuff that sits outside the software, okay, kind of like this Chrome extension right right here. All right, sits outside of software. I can work on this all day without really risking the app and I can create extra systems that there that uh benefit the customer without really risking the app. Next, you can actually create apps that sit outside the software that can be API called. So for example, I've made a scraping software that our system when people are going through onboarding can use to figure out what sites they need, what their setup process is going to look like. And then Hyru will ping that API so it sits outside the software. Again, I we can work on this, do all sorts of stuff on this all day, lowrisk. And then finally, when you're actually building inside your software, finding ways to structure your architecture so that vibe code specific areas like your front end or your onboarding areas or places that don't really need access to your complicated back end of the software, usually the user interface where your team can lose so muching time coding it. for example, going and changing the UI or changing uh the setup area inside the software, the menu areas or the onboarding systems. Those used to take teams very long amounts of time to do. And so they were working on these instead of building the features that get people to buy your software. These are the most important parts of your software though. Onboarding is the most important part. If you see me talk about on the channel all the time, if you can find ways to segregate the code so you can work on those parts of the app risk-free, then holy moly, you're you can you can you can just cut literally half the development time off your software and put your teams purely on money-making development. These three uh views altogether just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money and make and make if you're a non-technical founder or product person, you can just get so much done. It's ridiculous. Uh, I for the past 60 days, I've just been coding and making apps and coding and making apps and coding and making apps that have just removed so much like freaking red tape at high-risisk. It's insane. Now, using the process I'm going to give you for these, you can even start developing inside your app. You just have to move a little bit slower and be a little bit more careful, especially because you're working with lots of other developers. It's not something I I suggest you doing. I really suggest you giving these smart processes I'm talking about to your developers and having them use it because at the end of the day what doing highlevel development is is it's not writing code. A lot of people can write code. It's understanding how all the code fits together which the AI can do but it's understanding how to make the AI understand what it's looking at and giving the AI enough context and when the AI is working on understanding what the AI is doing to the code which can be done even if you cannot write code. You can still look at what the AI is doing and look at the work it's done and figure out what it's doing. You can even ask it what it's doing. You can ask explain what it just did. And you can if you understand how your app works as a whole, then you understand what it just did to the rest of the app. And so even when you cannot code, you should be able toing read some base code. If if you work in SAS and you're if you can't reading code, like you should understand the gist of where all the files are. You should be able to look at VS Code in your app and like know where the things are. But if you're not even a top level engineer, most of the work is actually still keeping in track of where everything in your software is. So when Cloud does something, it tells you what it does and you know exactly what it did to the rest of the software regardless if you can understand the Python or the JavaScript or Nex.js or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's written in. Okay, so this being said, let's talk about how we would go and actually do this entire process. I want you to think first though, like I just said, how you're going to be using this. Okay, it's not just rip open your software and start coding on it. Okay, so I'm going to show you my entire process from start to finish. Now look, do I think this is the most technically super duper impressive way to be using CL? Yes, baby. Actually, I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] genius. This stuff is this stuff is awesome. I think I'm pretty damn efficient at this. That being said, you're going to see all sorts of setup strategies and loops and technical things and ways to manage the context window that I think if you're trying to get stuff done, I don't think are needed. I think it's much more important you understand how cloud works. Even if your developers are working on your large software, you don't get the results from more complication. You understand that you get the results by understanding how cloud works and making sure claude always has context of what it's doing and full awareness of what it's doing. You're watching what it's doing and you understand what it's doing to your software, which doesn't take a complicated setup. It takes understanding the process and the train and the assembly line of what you're building. Okay? everything else, all the the loops, the agents and and stuff like that that people create. Oh, I got six agents doing six different things at a time. I don't understand the purpose of that because it's just excessive stuff and that's not how you want to build something. It's like if you're writing a novel, you don't want to have something go and you have eight different uh writers all writing your novel at once. You want to write chapter one. You want to review chapter one. You want to carefully go through each part of chapter 1 and make sure it's aligned correctly before going to chapter two. Okay? And as you start making the book, there's going to be things you discover as you're building. Okay? You're going to maybe get to chapter two and say, "Oh, okay. The character should work this way." If you have all these eight different things and everything, you're not carefully crafting what you're doing. And frankly, you don't need to write that much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] code to make an app. Okay? Look, I know there's if you're making your own internet browser, your own coding language, something. Yeah, maybe you do. But if you're adding a feature to your app, if you're adding a tool for your users, Claude is probably going to need to only swing at it for about an hour. And the most important thing is you're thinking about your users and the process and what you're building and how Claude understands it while it's doing it. So when you give it a command, it understand how it fits into the process. And this is where this process starts at. Okay. So while this not might not be the most technical, you can get really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] results with this. Okay. So I'm going to walk you through the planning process all the way to the actual vibe coding process itself. So the first thing you want to do is I I I I use clawed code exclusively. And if we pop open, I'm just going to show you my setup. And I usually have three terminals going the same time. I just kind of crush these all together. Usually I'm just looking at one terminal and I'm moving from one at a time. I don't have them all three open at the same time. That's ridiculous. I know you see people screenshotting that on X. That'sing stupid. You don't need this much text all at once. What I'm usually doing is throughout the day when I'm in like coding mode, I'm just going to have three going at once, which sounds impressive, but it's not because all it does is it goes and works for 5 10 minutes. And then at 5 to 10 minutes, you talk to this one. And in that 5 to 10 minutes, you talk to this one. It's that damn simple. Okay. But what my setup is going to be is I'm just going to use free VS Code. Open the terminal. I'm going to have the eye over here. All right. I'm going to have all my files and everything over here um that I'm going to be looking at. If I need to look at them, you don't really need to be looking at the code. You can look at the code if you want. Especially these smaller apps. There's no point. You don't need to be looking at the code. Like there's no point. If you're doing it with your main software base, yes, you need to be able to read the code. With these smaller apps and everything building, no, you don't need to do the code reviews and if you have enough context and you build it's right with Claude and you understand how to give it context. You don't need to look at the code. I'm sorry you don't I have had no issue for 60 days straight and I've built a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I've built [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that actually does important stuff in our business and there's no problems. Okay, so it's it's more about how you understand how it fits together and the reason why there's no problems because I understand how it fits together which I'm going to communicate to you right now. So you're going to see people using cursor and all sorts of crazy stuff. I love cursor as a company. I think it's cool. I don't understand the point of it. All right, I don't. You really just need a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terminal or you need a chat box and you can just get all the stuff done. You see all the complicated steps, but that's it. So, what I'm going to be doing and I'm just going to work over and make this the main thing we're going to be working on because this is what we're building and I'm going to be talking about how I built this today literally. Um, so what I'm going to have most of the time going is I'm just going to have my setup like this and I'm going to work directly like this most of the time. If I need to read files or look at specific things, this is what I'm going to be looking at. This is where I'm going to be working at most of the time. And I'm just going to be just chatting this little box right here. Now, before we come over here, what a lot of people try to do is they plan inside the terminal, which is fine. I I think that that's great. You can just come over here, plus shift tab, shift to plan mode, and u you know, talk to claw and say, "Okay, I want to add a new browse feature. Let's discuss. give me a list of feature ideas that we could add in list format. Okay. And so what it's going to do is it's going to go in and help me plan and start working through the software. This is a great way to plan out your software. This isn't how I like to do it though. And I think my method is a little bit better for stupid people like me, which I assume you are. Okay. I don't like doing plan mode in this because you're going to spend a lot of context doing this and you're going to add and to test things and to build things out. you're going to have to create a lot of test code. And I like to make test code before I go and actually start developing the right product. And I don't like to make my MD files and everything inside of this. Okay. So, you can see it's actually giving me a bunch of ideas and things I can work with and I'm and planning stuff. I don't want this in here. So, I'm going to hit escape escape and go back and revert. All right. So, that that's the setup that I have right here. So, what I want to do is explain why I start off inside of Claude. All right. And so one of the reasons I also want to break down why I'm doing this is I see a lot of videos on YouTube and X then they're made by developers for developers and I don't really see a lot of product people making coding or agentic coding instructions and here's why I think this is really really important. If you look at at softwares developers and engineers are very very important but what they're usually not doing is doing the proc designs and the design process how the feature is going to look and feel and do and that's the most important thing. Look, I'm not in this video putting and saying developers or engineers are not needed. They are super duper and critically important. If you can do what I'm doing right here as an engineer, you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Moses right now partying the Red Sea. Like you are just the most valuable person on planet Earth. The reason why I think what I'm talking about right here is very important is because I'm coming at this from a product and a product designer angle. And in order to think out your product and how to get it right, you got to do a lot of testing and then you got to understand how to develop it with Claude. And if you're doing it inside the terminal and you start in the terminal right away, you're going to make lots of dumpable code and it's just going to be a big old mess and it's just easier to do everything inside of Claude and brainstorm with Claude uh from the actual just the basic simple system right here. And I think look, you are going to be using this as not probably the senior engineer of your company. And so you want to do things and keep them in simple formats. And so what I'm going to show you in this video is kind of dur simple. All right? And a lot of people aren't going to be starting to like he he doesn't work in the terminal. He's not using 16 alphabetical agent skill systems. No, this works and it's easy for everyone to grasp and it's easy for me to grasp. So, let's talk about this. What we want to do before we even think about coding or starting anything is we want to think about starting a conversation with Claude about what we want to build. Okay? And so, what you're going to want to do first off is you want to describe to Claude what you're looking to build. And you want to describe the intent of what you want to build and where it's going to fit into your company and what your company's trying to do with it. You want to explain the problem to Claude. You want to explain the problem that users have. You want to give a rough breakdown of how you think it would look. And you want to not tell Claude, "Okay, just build this." You want to say, "How would this work? What would be the best systems to do this with? What would be the best structure? Assume that I'm a non-technical founder and you need to explain this to me and don't tell me what I want to hear. push back on my ideas. And so what you're going to see is me discussing with Claude in this this instance that we did. I just made a scanning app today that scans our customer sites and then sets up um all the websites that they have in their tech stack. Okay. And then what it does is it passes this tech stock to the extension. So the extension knows the tech stack to go through. Okay. So I pointed out and explain this all to cloud in this and I say all right we this is what we need to do this. So how could we go and set this up? And so what it does is goes and gives a bunch of ideas on how this is going to work and it describes the MVP to me and I go back and forth with it like here's what we need to do and then one of the most important things you can do when you're planning with claude is at tell it to constantly ask you clarifying questions on your idea. So you can see right here um want me to start building this or the working prototype I can create a sign blah blah blah but I say yes but we need to make these adjustments right here. All right. All right. So what you can see me doing right here is going back and planning with it. And this is a very important example right here because you're going to see I was not specific enough with what I was telling Claude to do. And so this was kind of a a throwaway app. This isn't someone that I was thinking super duper deeply about. I was building this while like doing eight different other things. Okay. So you can see how easy this process is once you get it going. And so what I forgot to tell it is make it an artifact. And the reason why I'm doing all this in the in the actual claude uh just in the browser like a like a normal civilian normie is because of one thing. It has this artifact feature right here which allows me to then go and build the feature out and test it inside of Claude because I don't want to put this on my computer. I don't want to run this locally. I don't want to deal with the architecture of of it yet. I don't want to build a plan how it's going to be on Versal or how I'm going to get it on manage GitHub and all that. I just don't want to do any of that right now or manage the superbase store. I don't want to do any of that. All right. I just want to plan out how the thing is going to work and how um the system will work overall because Claude sometimes doesn't know how the system's going to work either. A lot of the ways that we're building things, you don't really know how the final architecture is going to work and you say, "Oh, maybe we want to use this different uh agent right here. Maybe for this response we want to use Grock. Maybe for this response we want to use Opus. And maybe the way we fetch the HTML, it's too expensive. We use uh Opus to do it. Let's instead use this smart fetch feature." And let's see how that works. Oh, this HTML feature doesn't work. let's let's fetch it like this instead. And so you're going to go back and forth with it in the planning phase and figure out how the tech is actually going to work. Uh and and unless you're freaking raptor Jesus developer, you're not going to sit down and know the perfect architecture for every single app right away. And what you're doing as an engineer, an agentic engineer, um, which I've I've signed myself the certification of is you're you're going to go and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] think of how the damn thing works and how it's going to come together and find the optimal way for it to put together. If I tell Claude, "Make me a tool that scrapes people's websites and tells me their tech stack," it will just make it, but it will miss so much and it won't consider if it's going to work for Hyros or how it's going to work or any of the specifics. and it will make nonoptimal solutions. It could cost tons of credits or tokens or they could just noting work at all and it will just give me the app and I'll put it in cloud code and it won't work and then I've upload this thing to GitHub. It's just a mess. So this artifact step right here when you're planning allows you to go and say all right this is how it's going to work. This is how the rough UI is going to work for this and then you work out all the kinks with it and you just go back and forth with Claude explaining what it's getting wrong or what's not working and you just work on it for a little bit in here until you get the final version of it. Okay. Then when you have the final version of it, what I'm going to do is once you have a final version for it, you go, "Perfect. This is what we're trying to build." So Claude, what I want you to do is I want you to create a PRD or an explanation of what this product is. And you I want you to focus on why we're making the product and the intent and the context of this this thing we're building. We're not just going to go in the claw and say, "Hey, make a scanner app now. We know how it looks. Great. Give me the technical readout. Let's go." We want to make a PRD that explains everything we're doing on this product and everything about the product and how it's going to work and how the features are going to fit together and everything. Okay, this is incredibly important. Not just having a description of the product, but why the product is doing something. So when Claude starts coding later on or wherever make changes, it knows why and what its goal is and what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's trying to do. Every single time Claude boots up, it forgets everything. So if you show it an app and the app is like scanning stuff, it doesn't know why it's scanning stuff or what the point it is or why it's trying to scan things and so it's going to forget things that you were working on before. Okay, this is called the context window. If you're new to this on context windows, very quickly, if you're looking at this, Claude, for right now, if you're working in cloud code has 150,000ish context units. What this means is that Claude's going to compact the conversation and you just look at it. Think of it like this. Okay? You have a book. All right? And let's say after 30 pages, it's able to do is it's only able to keep so many pages at time. So if you start on page number one and you get to page 30 and you go past that, what happens is it starts forgetting everything that's on page one and knows everything all the way to page five. And so it's a window. It's like a it's like a view. And so if you if you have a bunch of information that's on page one, but the context window is on page five or here, and you tell it to do something, it requires the page one information, it's not going to do it well because it doesn't know that's there anymore. Okay? So it's it doesn't it doesn't think it doesn't remember things. It's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screenshot of where it is in the book. Okay? And so what's going to happen in cloud code is when it gets to that point, it compacts itself and summarizes everything and shrinks it down. Now, in the past, this used to be extremely critical. This was like the core thing when you were coding with clawed code. You had to worry about it a lot because it got really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid the deeper it got into the book. And so just be forgetting literally everything all the time. So you try to actually do things in about 150,000 chunk windows. And so you'd work on one feature, you describe everything it needs to know at the start, you'd open the session, get everything done in that window, then document everything, reset the loop, give it everything you just did, reset it over again. I don't do this so much anymore. It is important if you're building like some major feature on your software and you need claude be precise laser. Yes, you you need to maybe be worrying about this right now. If you're doing a Ralph loop, which maybe some of you psychopaths [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are. That's essentially why the Ralph loop exists. That said, the compacting and claude is so good now that I haven't really had to deal with this. And if you're using codeex, for example, I don't see people having to deal with this either over there. So, I don't worry about this too much. You just need to be aware that that's how it what looks that's how the thing is thinking. So you want to make sure in that context window it knows what it's doing and why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's doing it. So the reason why we're building all these documents is so when Claude is coding or getting to work, it knows why it's doing the damn thing. We don't just boot it up, give it the code for the scanning app, say, "All right, we're going to need to add a feature right here that helps the the customer know whether their payment processor is is connected or not." Cloud won't know that it's supposed to be related to the ad account feature because it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know what the app is. This is why we give it this right here and this full breakdown of why we're doing it, how the product works and all the features work together. Then what we're going to have it build is an architecture layout so that whenever Claude knows when it's building, it knows exactly how the app all fits together and where everything is and where it's all located at. This is the same exact reason we're doing the PRD. And then we're going to have it create a build plan. It's going to step by step systematically go and tell it everything that needs to be done to build this app out. This is when we're going to start coding. So then we're going to take this on over to Claude Code and I want to show you how we built this. This is a more simpler app. I've had ones where massive big old file base is working with, but I just want to show you the basics right here. We're going to take this over in the cloud code. And this is when we're going to get to work. And there's processes we want to do before that. Okay. So I don't think I'm going to be able to access my conversation history right here, which is going to be okay. That's fine. I'm just going to go through the process. I'd be doing it from the start. All right. So the first thing I'm going to do right here is you can see I have all these files right here. Okay, we have everything and how it's going to be built out. We also have a cloud MD file. All right, so here's the process we're going to be using. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to boot up cloud code. And I'm not going to do it because I want this session right here. You can always just resume the conversation later on. That's a lot what I do. So the first thing you're going to do is you're actually going to go and I'm going to paste in this claw MD file right here that gives it our working relationship rules and everything it should know about the software that we're building right here. Okay. And the most important thing you have in here is these rules that I have first. And so what these rules basically do is give it very good guard rails of what how to behave when looking at code and interacting. This is actually copied from another YouTuber who I'm going to link below. Um, I forgot his name because there's so many making clog code. Uh, but it will be a link below. So, you get the credit, whoever you are. [laughter] I'm just gonna steal everything you said in your video. Okay. All right. So, look, um, what's going on is I have my core rules right here. Understand before acting. So, like if you see code and you're about to work on something, read the code base and relevant files related to it. Don't just work on it. Check in before you go and do something huge to the software. Before major change, check with me. Communicate clearly. All right. every step of the way provide a high level explanation of what you're doing. So when it's coding out stuff, it's telling me what it's doing. I'm like, "Okay, that's what you're up to, little fucker." And if I see it doing stuff that doesn't make any sense, what shouldn't be happening because I I get the plan from Claude before it codes. If I see it doing something or it clearly misunderstood something, for example, we want a TXT readout and it says starting to make the PDF readout. I'm whoa, whoa, whoa. We want to do txt exports, not PDFs. You stop it, it continues again. All right. Simplicity. We want to have it make simple solutions that don't change large parts of the code. Cloud will make some very creative [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We don't want creative [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right. We don't want like endless ways to backdrop other code. We want stone caveman code that is simple. All right. And then we want it to always maintain the documentation of the work it's doing. So you can see these these files right here are going to constantly updated. So when I boot up a new version of claude or cloud is way outside of its context window of where it is, it's going to look at these files and it's going to know exactly what the last claw did and what's going on. So all these things that it's doing are constantly updated on top of the memory that's compacting over here from claude which is still actually very functional and good. The one I have right here is I say you are the CTO. You're also responsible for the entire product. I copied this from a guy on Lenny's podcast. Very good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcast if you're building stuff or doing stuff for SAS companies or for your SAS company. And what I have it basically say here is I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. You're a CTO. I'm going to give you lots of ideas but assume I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and don't just agree with me. push back on my ideas and find the most optimal code solution. If you don't do this, you're going to give Claude a terrible idea and it's going to be like, "Seems like a good idea, Alex. I guess I'll get to work." And then it codes a back door to Pornhub in the back of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] software because you were an idiot and describe and misype something in. I don't I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Okay, it's going to it's not going to do that. But you can come up with really stupid ideas and it'll be like it should be like, "Hey, that's a stupid idea. We should go about it this way." And you're like, "Yeah, okay. Maybe we do that and it will explain to you why it's a stupid idea so you learn. So we put this claude MD file in first. Then we say it will it will look at the cloud MD file by default. The cloud MD file it's going to look at it before it starts doing everything every single time. You say look look at all these files that I just gave you. Study them to the level that you're able to deeply discuss them. Don't just look at them. Don't just tell it well then go skim it. Look at them to the point you deeply understand them and are able to discuss. notify me when you've done this. It's going to spend a lot of tokens. We have a little token scanner down here. It tells us the context window. You can see right here we're at 126,000 tokens. At 150, it's going to reset. And I'm going to know that, hey, some of the things we talked about are going to be forgotten. I don't pay attention to this that much anymore cuz it's it's context window and and compacting works great. And I assume here in a few months when this upgrades again, I don't think context windows are even going to be much of an issue here in the future. So, this is kind of an ancient skill set even now. It's still relevant, but just vibe with me on that. All right. So, look, I'm gonna say read these all to the point of deeply understanding, then tag me. It's going to tag me and say, "Hey, now I understand this." I say, "Okay, we're going to build this from scratch, but ask me any clarifying questions before you get going." Now, if you're new to this, what I really suggest doing is sitting down and going with it phase by phase and having it build something out one phase at a time. Because depending on the complication and how complicated what you're building is, you don't want it to go and build everything all at once. this app right here. I'm like, "Look, just go build the entire [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing and I'm gonna go get I'm gonna go make some noodles or something." All right. And so it just goes through this entire checklist that we built for it and builds the entire thing. I come back 30 minutes later and I have the working app. Cool. You don't want to do that for everything. There are some things where you actually want to sit with it phase by phase and really pay attention to the parts that matter. All right. Um, [clears throat] so anyways, what we're gonna then do is I'm gonna say ask me any clarified questions for this because sometimes the things that work over in Claude on the AI chat are not going to be the same over here. And it's it's going to need some questions and answers and it's going to think about some things before it develops it. So you tell it to ask me clarifying questions. It's going to ask you questions in a list right here and then you just answer the questions and say, "Okay, but should this feature be here or should it be here? Should this um should the way it exports files, should it be saved like this or saved like this? This feature makes no sense. Can you clarify how this works? It's going to ask you those things. You clarified it. It's going to get to work. Now, one little tip I'm going to give you before you get started with this is when you're working with it, and this is something I always forgot to do is when you have Claude building out these things, be very specific about where you're going to store it at or where you're going to upload it to. If you're new to this, you're not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] understand that. So, you need to ask it what's the you need to tell it how you want it to be used. So, if you're putting an app online that everybody's going to use or your your team is going to be using it, you're going to be putting in different places. I really like just putting things on Versal and I like storing things on Superbase, but you need to ask it beforehand. All right, let's imagine I'm going to be storing this on the internet in this way. This is exactly how my team's going to be accessing it. What's the best infrastructure for this so that it's simple and works in this way and is easy to maintain? And so it's going to think most of the time, oh okay, um, so this guy is not going to be running it locally on his computer. He's not going to be running it off of Python on the website somewhere or some weird thing. It's not going to be running in this weird winging thing because what it will do when it's building things out is it will just think about the most optimal way to build it. If you don't give it context of where you're going to deploy it at and what it's going to be used for, it's not going to consider that. Okay? So you might get it right, you might not. This is the stuff you have to think about when you're coding with this. And this is how you have to engineer. You have to think about or know this is the most important part. Know what to ask Claude beforehand to bring the right engineering structure and information out of Claude to tell you. You have to be aware of what you don't know. So telling and giving Claude context and then asking it to ask you questions about that context is the best way to find out. For example, if you're starting off, you don't know the best the best uh stack to build this on. You need to say this is how I intend to use this cloud. This is the context for this. What's the best stack? This is this. Okay. When you build the system that we're building right here, the technical buildouts, what you need to do is build it around that stack. Now, there you go. A lot of people don't do that step and so they end up with all these weird ass stacks like Claude gave me an output in Python. I'm not going to be running this locally. What a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. You're the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. Not not the LLM. All right. So, that said, what you're going to do is I'm this is the overall process to get something built. Okay? This this right here in this understanding I just gave you is like 9/10en of the law. If you understand this, you can kind of move on to anything else, but I'm going to give you the next steps after this anyways cuz why not? So what's going to happen is you're going to have this built out and then you're going to in my opinion what what you want to structure it as is say look we're going to run this locally first but then we're going to upload it to GitHub and then we're going to load it up somewhere. So consider it working locally and on the internet okay on a on a different website Versal whatever you guys want to call putting online. And so that's going to make sure that when it goes and builds these things out, it's going to build your environment, your folder where basically all your API keys and everything is set correctly and it's going to make it so that it works locally on your computer, but when you upload it, it's going to work there, too, cuz using things that work on your computer are not going to work the same way they work on the internet. Okay? So anyways, it's going to go and then launch it locally and then you're going to do all your testing there. Okay? And so pow, I chuck something in. Boom. I got a full high report on everything we're getting in there. So now we got the integration checklist and I can build all sorts of features and an API call into this and all sorts of neat gizmos and stuff like that. So now what I want to do is give you some some basic rules of thumb when you're building stuff because you're just going to kind of get the gist of this and if you're if you need any more steps after this, you're just being a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby. All right, you got enough you got enough information. Go get in the water. Go figure it out. All right, you're going to flap around. You're make some mistakes. It's fine. All right, you're going to go build some apps wrong. You're going to do some things. You're not going to learn and get it right the first time. That's fine. All right, it's fine. So, I'm going to give you some basic things right now that you need to be thinking about though when when you're building these apps. So, you're going to run into bugs and Claude's going to build things wrong and it's going to build things wronger and wronger based on how badly you are at figuring out what's wrong with Claude. If you're able to set Claude up to win, it's going to figure out what's wrong with things very quickly. If you don't set it up to win, it's going to make all sorts of weird things for this. So, what you're going to do when you test an app, let's say I go and put this up and it gives me a bunch of weird stuff right here. What I want to do with Claude, if it's an obvious bug, like something just missing, I'm just going to say this is missing. Fix it, please. But if it's more of a a intangible bug, like the the the information is coming back wrong or things are displaying wrong, you need to not just tell it to fix something. You need to think about how it affects other parts of the software. Okay? So, you need to say, call it, all right, this is happening right here. And if it's something that consistently keeps happening, you say, "All right, let's think deeply about why this is happening." Find out why it's happening and then give me multiple fixes and while thinking about other problems that can occur after this fix. Okay? And then what you need to do is when it gives the fixes that are listing out, you need to be thinking about and looking at the app and how it's coming back. So, for example, with that with that integration app I showed you where the the assistant was working, what kept happening is Claude got out of sync with the rule system. So how the how it reads the TXT documents, how it um how the TXT documents are written. So it has a rewriting guide. So we rewrite the documents based on this. And there's a system it uses to read it. And then there's another system that displays it. And these all have to be in sync at all times. And these weren't in sync. So I kept updating one and the other one was working right there. So I said, "All right, let's look at the overall app and let's look at the codebase and see what's out of sync here." And if I hadn't done that, it would just kept going in that endless loop where I was fixing one thing, but it was breaking another thing. And so you have to sit down and ask it to look at the codebase and you have to sit through and think about what's happening in your codebase and where it's going wrong at and where things are out of sync and where the poss solution could be popping up at because claude doesn't know if you say just fix this one thing uh it's going to go fix that one thing but it doesn't know this other thing is relevant to the other thing unless you make it clear and so then what I did after that is I made and updated the claw MD to say these things must always be in sync no codes after that you have to think about where the bug occurred why it's happening and then create rules so it doesn't happen again especially context or not rules context so claud is aware of it for example with the extension as well there was a there was a um a catching issue with Chrome and Chrome kept not updating the catch and so we'd upload something and it would show the wrong thing and it would shoot back claw the wrong code but claude didn't know Chrome was was not catching so we needed to go and test it and so I said what could the issue possibly be it gave me three different issues one of them was a catching issue I went through and tested it myself said okay we got this catching issue, we need to develop something in the software that gets around that catching issue when we upload later on and then when we see stuff coming in or a bug, always check for the catching issue first. We never have the catching issue anymore. This is how bug fixing works in Cloud. The other thing you need to do when you're thinking about running in the bugs is you're going to run the bugs and just sending it you can you can send cloud a screenshot. You can send it an error report. You can describe what went wrong. These are all great, but what's better when you see something going wrong in your software, particularly as an output, you need to have Claude go and for example, I'll show you with my system. So, if you look at my extension right here and you see this pop out and we go and bring this down, you can see I have this log system right here. Okay? And so, the point of this is we when I would run in the errors with the extension and I'd see bad outputs coming back, I don't want just to explain to Claude, I want a deep detailed log. And one of the things Claude is exceptional at is you say, "All right, where are all the things that can go wrong with this app or this this error is popping up right here? How can we create something that's going to give you a very detailed code technical explanation of why it's happening?" And it will think up test it can create for itself and then put these tests in there. So when you see things pop up, you can have documents that you can feed back to it and say, "All right, here's what went wrong. Read this. Why did it go wrong? Look at the codebase. Think about why it's going. Give me poss give me why it's happening. give us possible solutions and in ways to prevent it from happening in the future. Bam. You're not dealing with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guesswork when you're dealing with with this this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. Finally, when you do a code review, it can be as simple as saying, "Claude, do a code review." One thing that is very helpful is you can have Codeex and Claude and another Claude agent has no codecs all review the code and then send all the reports back to the main code Claude agent and then say, "Hey," and this is something I stole from the Lenny podcast YouTube as well. and you can say, "Hey, here's what's wrong in the software. Either explain why this is incorrect or fix it." That's another way to fix it. But then finally, when you have it do the code review, all those MD files and everything you just put into the software is what the code review is going to use to review everything. And the context of it is whether it's wrong or not. If you give a person a huge codebase and you say, "Tell me where the bugs are." Something could fit together architecturally just fine, but it's not the intended output of the software or it misses the point of the software. If it doesn't have this, it's going to put stuff in there that doesn't make any sense. So, you need to have all this context. The final thing I'm going to tell you is whenever you're done coding or whenever you're done working with Claude, what you're going to want to do is you need to have this little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] update everything. And the more complicated your system is, the more technical docs, you can see this doc area right here that I have in VS Code right here, the more advanced your Claude and your architecture and your your documents going to be. So keep these really clean and but you're but every time I build something new the architecture updates. Every time I add something new about how the feature works the PRD updates. Every time we learn something or we need rules or ways that it works with or things for etc. the cloud MD updates. Okay. On top of this when you're building really advanced stuff inside each folder or inside each thing you're building you can still have other rule systems in there that claude looks at before it gets into the folder. So if it's going into this part of the app right here and this is just a onepage app. So it doesn't have lots of folders or whatnot. But let's say we're just getting into something in the API. All right, I could have a note or a Claude MD in the API that says, "Hey, wait before you do this, make sure it aligns with this other part of the software and these are always in sync." Now, the reason why you do this is because you don't want Claude always opening up files, okay, and reading it because it takes up your your context window. That said, you want it when it digs into something relevant to know where to look and specific things to check that are very very important. Okay, so these are just other little general tips that really are going to save your life when you're doing this. Finally, my last tip for you when you're building these things is make sure Claude explicitly builds in ways that parts of the software are segmented from each other because remember that context window. Let's imagine you have chapter one of your book, chapter 2, and chapter 3. Let's imagine you keep these all super duper cleanly and there's little context at the beginning of chapter one and the end of chapter one on the rest of the book. So it's a summary of the book on each side, but the the AI can cleanly work on one chapter at a time and they don't mess with each other too much. If you have a code system, it's all a bunch of interlin things. Think about a plumbing system. Okay, much better analogy. It's a bunch of plumbing all intersected. If something over here changes and it messes up with that, well, Claude has to keep the entire plumbing system all in its mind. If you have a skyscraper where each floor has its own plumbing system and it doesn't need to understand how the plumbing system up here works, then what you're going to be able to do, and I know you're checking out the buys, it's good. Don't worry about it. What you're going to need to do is a lot less work because you can just put Claude on one floor and say, "Here's the context of the overall project, but you only need to understand what's on this floor right here." And it can work much better because it doesn't have to remember everything and blow its context window very fast. So, these are a bunch of things I do when I'm building in my company and how I think about the code and how I look at it. I think a lot of these things right here, you should your developer should know all these things. Okay? If your team isn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing this, your team's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they suck. Sorry, but it's true. And your team should know these things. And if they don't know these things, they should be thinking these ways. You should have deep MD files for your software. You should have deep MD files for your UI. You should have parts of your software sign. All the things I talked about should be there times 10 on your real like deep product. Okay, that being said, as a non-technical founder, this allows you to do so much work on other parts of the software that are not directly connected to your deep back end of the complicated parts. It allows you to make stuff for your customers right away that gets them results very, very quickly. And those are the three ways to look at and these are the ways to build them from scratch. If you have a SAS company, you should be using highrisisk because it's going to make you a lot more money from your ads. So, that's that that's the real point of why I'm making this video. I want you to use my my my ad products. It'll make you a lot more money. But not before I give you good content, which is this video. So, this is the video. I've talked enough. This is everything I do when it comes to vibe coding or agentic coding. Have a nice day. If you guys like these videos, let me know. I can go into the actual how to use Claude MD and and more deeper stuff, but I think this is the only vibe code I'm gonna make because this is everything I think you need to know. Okay. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: It's GROSS, But this SaaS pitch made me $232 Million
VIDEO ID: 8i0ZIHDI024
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i0ZIHDI024
================================================================================

No, you skeptical Sally. The title of this video is not clickbait. The sales pitch I'm going to give you, I've used to sell hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars worth of SAS software. This will also work for you if you're selling services. And I can tell you this with a straight face because I use this to grow my biggest SAS company, Hyros, to closing in on $40 million ARR right now, growing at about 40 to 50% per year. And I'm using this exact sales pitch. If you hop on a call at Hyros right now, you're going to go through this entire thing. In short, it works. So, let's get into it. So, first thing we need to do is break down what this is, why we're using it, and the goal of what we're trying to do here with these pitches, which of course is first sell the product. But we really want to be able to sell our SAS product in a way that generates a lot of upfront revenue to give us cash flow early on in our business. Later on your business, this isn't necessarily as important. You can actually just go for straight up MR. But when we first get started, we want to be able to generate a lot of cash flow by getting people to pay a year, two years up front and sign larger contracts that allow us to get money in the door from our advertising. This will make our paid advertising work a lot better because if you get a phone call and the person signs up at $99 per month, it's kind of hard to make it work if you're paying $200, $300 per phone call. If the person signs up for a year up front and pays $1,000 upfront, suddenly all the numbers in your paid advertising start working. This is what this pitch is designed for to do. So this all in mind, this is the typical get a person on a sales demo for a SAS and then close them methodology that you see pretty much every company doing. But what we do at Hyros is we actually structure this in a almost info marketing like sales pitch that is much more effective than what you see at other companies. A lot of companies you see people hop on and they do a demo and that's why their close rates are terrible. Now, our pitch is not some pushy info late night infomercial thing, but it does use the sales psychology of these to get people to understand the opportunity they have. And the reason why we want to do demos, especially when we first start our softwares out, is because we're able to maximize the money we get from the customers coming in and also maximize their commitment. So, what do I mean by this? If a person hops on a Hyros call and chats with the rep, and by the way, I can run SAS companies, but I I can't spell. But please don't let that ruin my aura of fake professionality in these videos. That said, the reason why we want to also focus on not just maximizing money for obvious reasons, but the commitment is because when a person comes on and they sign up through hires through one of these calls, they already have a road plan of how they're going to be successful, how they're going to set the product, and they're basically committed to coming on now that they've paid a little bit upfront to using the product. When you first launch your SAS company or even later on, you're going to see that people that sign up through demos and sign up for a larger upfront commitment are going to churn far far far less. If a person signs up for one year and the whole setup plan, they already have the committed to the responsibility of setting up the software and you're going to see churn drop from 15 20% with your early softwares to 5 3% to something you can work with. Is this as easy and turnkey as having a big open wide openen SAS where people sign up for free and do a free trial? No. But it's very hard to get that to work early on because your product is so untested and people are not even sure it will work. So this is how you really maximize this and this is why we use these. Now the goal we have with this is to get people to sign up for a year up front. Yes, they can sign up monthtomonth. But the reason why we want to do this is two-prong. One, one year up fronts just have lower churn and lower churn equals more money longterm. The end. Now the other reason we want to do this is cash flow. Again, if you have lots of money rolling in, you can afford to lose a little bit of money up front when you're getting customers. But when we're first starting our software company, if we have a $350 a month subscription, we get someone to pay $3,500. We're going to make so much more money on our front end that allows us to cover the cost of the company much more easily. If we get 30 customers on this each month, we're making 100k a month, which we can then use and put towards engineering and whatnot. Whereas, if we only get 30 people right here, we're at $9,000 a month, which is just not enough to cover cost. If let's say your business costs $30 $40,000 a month in its early stages, it's just not going to work. So, this is why this is just crucially critically important and things I want you to keep in mind as we go through this and why we're doing this because a lot of people watching this, you're going to bootstrap. You're not going to be some Y Combinator company or some company that raises $10 million at the gate. This might be your first software company. All those things are going to require you to bootstrap and need capital coming in to make it work. So you need to understand the first things first which is exactly what we do with Hyros. Our company is 100% bootstrapped and this is the exact process we use to sell our tracking at Hyros to all sorts of businesses. By the way, if you are a SAS company, you should be using Hyros tracking. It will make you 10 to 15% more from your ads guaranteed. And you should turn on Hyros Air as well because it's going to turn all the people that come to your website and don't book demos and don't join your software. It's going to find them, reach out them, and use an AI to close them and bring them back to the phone call or signing up on your site, thus increasing your revenue about three, five, seven%. We actually already used it to add over $100,000 a month in MR at Hires ourselves. So, if you're a SAS company, you you should consider using it. You need to understand the difference between a SAS demo and the typical phone call closes you see infoarketers and this just the high impact Wolf of Wall Street like closes you see that are known and online. So, the difference between a SAS pitch and a info pitch is we're not selling shenanigans. In many cases, we're selling something that is guaranteed to make the customer more money than they pay. Guaranteed. If a person signs up for your product and they're your target customer and they do not make more money than they pay you, you are not going to have a working business. You have to be able to guarantee results if they're a target customer and set it up correctly. The end. If you don't have that, then you don't have a SAS company, period. It's not that you just can't even use this pitch. It's that you don't have a SAS company period, especially in B2B, which it only comes down to the bottom line and the ROI that it's getting. And so, what we're trying to do in this pitch is we're going to be using a lot of the sales psychology that we see infoarketers and really highowered Wolf of Wall Street pitches use, but a much more low-key way that makes the person more so understand the value. And then we're basically going to ask them repeatedly why would they not want to go and get a $100 bill for $20. The entire point of this pitch is getting the person to realize that your product is $100 and then selling it to them for $20. If you can achieve this right here, you're going to convert insanely highly. We convert at almost 40% on the high demos that we do. And a lot of the people that come on aren't even our target customers. So we can't even convert at like 80% if we want to. So I would say of the targeted qualified customers that come on, we probably convert about 80% of them. So knowing this, we have to understand the phases and everything we have to go through in this pitch. Now I know you might be looking for a step-by-step worded script or template, but it's really not like this. You just have to understand the phase of where you are in the communication with the customer and what they're thinking and what you're trying to achieve. And you just don't move to the next step till you've achieved it. Okay? We don't need some long Wolf Roll Street pickup artist scripted step-by-step script. We really just need to understand the phase in the conversation that we're in. And so what we need to do is we first need the customer to identify and assign a money value to the problem they have. And they need to do this themselves. Okay? Then we need to show them our SAS fixing these identified problems they identified themselves. And then we need to then get them to talk about how much it will make them or save them and the money they literally just admitted. Okay. Then what we need to do is we need to then sell access to SAS for much less usually about 20% of the money that makes them. Then finally what we need to do is offer VIP or white glove experience for annual subscriptions. So what is this? For example, at Hyros what we're going to do is I'm not going to try and spell here is when a person signs up at Hyro what we're going to say is like hey you know you might have some trouble setting this up. You might have some trouble using the software. You probably want premium VIP support. How about we give you all that and do that all for you? You just have to sign up for a year upfront and we'll give you a 20% discount. And if for some reason you don't see the results we talked about in this pitch, you don't have to pay for it. We'll just refund you all your money immediately. There's absolutely no risk here whatsoever. If you get set up and there isn't crazy results or even if you come in and you don't set up, we will still give you a full refund. And then what I do is I show them all the results that Hires has gotten. And if you've looked at all the other videos I've gotten on here, you know how much I talk about getting results and then advertising results. If you look at hires, we just have pages of famous people, big marketers, big brands, hundreds and hundreds of smaller brands, people across all sorts of business models, lots of SAS companies, lots of e-commerce companies. Basically, if you go to the website and you click on the SAS page, you're going to see tons of huge SAS companies. If you click on the ecom page, you're going to see tons of huge ecom companies. You're going to see lots of famous brands like Alexozi, Tony Robbins, Playboy, etc. on the site. Why do we get those? So we can show those results and then when we're showing them these promises that we talked about and the promise of results, we show those to verify that. Again, this isn't going to be like some info marketing pitch where 80% of customers cannot get results or can't get results. We need 100% of people that come on to get results if they use the software. Okay, the end. And so we we're not doing this from like some tongue-in-cheek like we promise results guaranteed kind of We're actually literally guaranteeing results. So I want to be very clear on that. If you sign up for hyros in this pitch right here or you use this pitch at all, you have to guarantee the results. Guarantee or you don't you don't get to keep the money if the customer doesn't get the result. That is bar one. Okay. So now let's go through this pitch step by step. And what I want you to do right here is I want you when you are thinking about this pitch, go and make a word dock and set these three points in the word dock. Make one point to start called identify. Make the other point uh solve the problem with your SAS. Make the final point, sell it for less than it makes them. And then finally, the annual VIP offer. So, put your offer and everything you have going right here. This is just a really good thought blueprint to put together your pitch. Because again, we don't need to go word by word. And because your software is so different, the demo is going to go differently in how you show them these results. You just have to understand where we are. So, let's talk about step one, identify. So, I'm going to give you the examples in the Hyros pitch right here, and I want you to then apply it to your business. So when a person comes on at Hyros, we know they have two problems with their ads because this is why we designed the software in the first place. When you design your software, you should already know the problems and where the businesses are losing money. So for example, if you're doing this for um oil drillers, you're doing this for pharmaceutical companies, you're doing this for lawyers and their businesses, you already know where they're losing money at or could be making more money. You you know this problem like the back of your hand. It should be more well known to you than it is to the customer many of the times. This isn't something where we like kind of guess and poke around and find a problem to call. Like you know where the bodies are buried. Okay, that's rule number one. So at Hyro, we know where the bodies are buried. If you're running Facebook ads, Google ads, the more ad spend you spend, the less accurate your tracking becomes because of various different reasons with all the Facebook updates, how the ad tracking platforms don't talk to each other, with how cookies are erased by Apple and different browsers and how people change browsers, they change locations. It's just a disaster. and Facebook ads and Google ads can't track it very well. I'm going to leave it at that and you're just going to have to take my word on it. If you want an explanation of why those things happen, I would I could break a whole entire video about how Facebook ads and every all their tracking is broken and it's not their fault and they're never going to fix it. But we're just going to leave it at this right now. Okay. So, just assume that we know that if a person is spending money on ads about 15% of their potential scale is going to be stopped by this issue and they're going to waste about 15% of their ad spend. So this means if someone's making or if they're making 100K a month on their ads and this example right here, let's just keep the numbers simple, they're also spending 100K a month on their ads, they could easily go and increase their revenue from these ads to 115K a month through additional scale. And they could also go and remove waste on this end right here. About $15,000 a month in waste, resulting in dropping this down to $85,000 spend and increasing the overall output to 115K, making them $30,000 from this. Okay? And so this is what high-risisk delivers for companies all day just by fixing their tracking. It's it's the breakage that we talk about and everything else. So the reason why someone hops on the call originally is because they know this this issue exists. They know they have this problem, but what they've never sat down and done is actually assign a value to the problem. They've probably just been like, "Man, I can't really see my ad results or I don't know if I can trust these." Okay? And so then they hop on the call to kind of explore it. So what I'm going to do when the person comes in the call is just ask them what are their problems with tracking. Do they think it's losing them money or stopping them from scaling anywhere? That's it. And a lot of times the customers will just start telling you about the problems right there because they're on the call and they know what their problems are. This isn't going to be like some info pitch where everybody's skeptical and trying to hold back. like they want your software to solve their problem. Like they are there, they don't want to do calls for other companies. They don't want to shop around. They want your software to perfectly solve their problem. So like they're going to tell you most of the time. All right. So the customer gets on, I'm going to ask them about that and they'll be like, "Yeah, I'm actually I feel like I can't scale very far uh using this and I feel like I'm wasting a ton of money." And I say, "Okay, cool. Like, so let's let's talk about this and look at the ads right here inside your ad account. How much do you think this is stopping you from scaling?" And I would say is 5 to 10% 15% a good ballpark. Person says yes or no. And we kind of go back and forth until they assign a number maybe 8 10%. I say okay cool. Based on what you just said you're probably wasting money or you feel you're wasting money. What's the ballpark that you're probably wasting? If they if you're spending 100k a month in your your account do you think you're wasting 5 10% 15%. We're usually going to agree on some numbers around 15 to 10%. You don't have to solve massive 30 50% problems in the customer's business for them to make money. If the business is making a million dollars a month and you find a way to solve 10% of problems or something related to revenue, they can make an extra hundred,000 a month. Like it's you don't have to solve massive huge sweeping changes in their business. Regardless, that's how we want the opening of the call to go. You want the customer to tell you what their problems are and then you want to start assigning percents or dollar values to those problems. So person tells me they're spending 200,000 a month on ads. I say, "Okay, so based on what you're told me, you you could scale 10% further or you could save 10%. So based on that, we could just honestly make you $40,000 per month more if we solve this problem for you right now. Do you see what I just did there? I assigned the value of solving these problems to 40,000 a month for the customer. So one thing I'm going to add to this right now is if the customer doesn't say they have a problem, it's it's your job not to like put words in their mouth and it's also your job not to let them move forward. They're not going to get to pitch the software or get the demo if they don't have a problem. If if the person comes on the call for high-risisk for example and I say all right so what are you seeing in your ad account there's two situations that'll happen right here and this is the most as much playbyplay I'm going to give you because this is really the only routes you can go and then you just think about how your software can fix these specific issues okay so route number one is the person wants they know they have a problem but they don't know what the problem is so you say okay cool so could I just show you like some things that we routinely see in ad accounts where people lose money and then when in this example right here I just walk them through our ad account and I would show uh tracking and how it doesn't line up accurately. And I'd say, "Okay, so do you think you might have this in your account?" If it's a more open-minded customer that doesn't understand their problem, they're probably going to say, "Yeah, I think I'm probably lowering my scale by not seeing this tracking gap right here. For example, your tracking right here caught 100 scales. This Facebook tracking caught 60 sales." Honestly, that's really messing up with my ads. And then we're going to go over and I'm not going to tell them how much you're losing. I'm going to say, "Well, how much do you think you could scale further if you had this problem solved? and then how much money do you think you could save if you had this problem solved? They're probably usually going to give me around that 15 10% range. And then we're working with the same thing when we've assigned a dollar value to their problem. Okay. Finally, you're going to have the customer that doesn't think they have a problem, knows what the problem is, knows the problem your software solves, and just isn't going to admit they have a problem. And what you need to do is casually and plightfully and respectfully uh put them in a corner of their own So, they know why they're on the call, and they're probably there to be skeptical and poke around and and judge you and ask a thousand little weird questions. It's very important that you do two things. One, respect and love your customer. There's just people that are very analytical, and people are going to call them dicks and customers that behave this way. It's not the case. They're just super analytical, tedious people, and that's just what you're going to have to deal with when you're selling software B2B. So, just accept it. Love them anyways. Okay. Next thing, these people are not there to fight you. So don't take it as a fight, but you really have to make them like either accept they have a problem or there's no point to doing the call. No one's going to buy your software if they don't think there's a problem. There's an ROI there. So in this situation right here, if the person doesn't think they have a problem, uh I'd say, well, what what did you come on the call for? Like what are you hoping to solve? I I don't know. Well, what what would you like me to show you? And just keep going back and forth like asking them what what are they doing here? What do they want to see? And get that out of them. They might see something. Well, I think I might just want to see if we can improve our tracking. like, well, what's your goal to improve the tracking? Why do you want to improve your tracking? Like, where's it causing problems in the business? Where is there is there places where it's stopping you from scaling or wasting money? And you just need to keep going back and forth with the person until they admit that there's some problem related to the problem your software solves. Okay. Now, you can also brainstorm with them and be like, well, okay, a lot of times when we see like here's an example of of a problem we solve, you can see the huge gap in tracking right here. And the person might be very analytical at this point and ask tons of questions like all right well is this CPA dupa opus compliant uh how does this work? How's the tracking in the backend situation? Say for the sake of this call I'm not a tech person and I'm not a legal person. I'm not a so- and so person. We can have someone sit down with you and answer every single one of these questions later on. We can also get to this at the end of the call. I really want us to focus on what the problem is and see if we can actually solve this. Because if I sit here and explain all these problems right here, but then our software can't even fix your problem, we've just wasted 30 minutes of our time and I've wasted 30 minutes of your time. So, is it okay if we just kind of more so focus on the problem right here and we can get into the technicals later on? That's going to solve that issue and allow them to just put all those questions in the back end, which they don't even care about. And then when you get in the back end and you're closing, you can say, "Hey, we'll have someone technical sit down with you. If there's anything technically off to you later on, we'll just refund you all your money immediately." Okay, so this is how we're going to deal with all three of those issues right here. You're going to have the customer that openly thinks they have a problem, a customer that thinks they have a problem but can't describe the problem. You're going to help them describe it. And then you have a person who doesn't think they have a problem. And you have to get them to admit they have a problem. And then once they admit they have a problem, you didn't attach a dollar value to it just like you did before. So they say, "Okay, fine. I think I have a tracking issue." I say, "Okay, great. Let's let's look at some things in your account. How much are you spending every month? This and this." Like, "Well, do you do you ever log in and not see your your your ad stats and your sales lining up with what you see in your back end?" Yes. How much do you think that's stopping you from scale? How much do you think that's stopping you uh or making you waste? I don't know. 3 5%. I'm like three 2 3%. Are you are you sure? Because right here the Facebook tracking based on user results is off by 30 to 40%. Do you think it's only affecting you 2 3%. That's the last thing I would throw in there is we need to also make sure that they believe the problem is big enough. If a person comes onto a high-risisk tracking call or your call and they think this solution that you're providing is only going to give them a 1% bump, they're still not going to pay you for it. Okay? It needs to be something severe enough where they really see the dollar signs. So I like the 10 to 20% range. That's where you can really do very well. So then what we're going to do is we're going to show our SAS fixing the problem. So then what I do for Hyros, but you need to think about how to do this for yourself is the person says, "I have these problems." I say, "Okay, cool. So, we have a problem with scale and we have a problem with waste. Now, on the high-risisk calls, we also talked to them about how uh AI can optimize their audiences and their targeting and this automatically makes them more money from their ads as well. I'm not going to talk about that right here because these two examples are good enough in this situation. We don't need to go through every example of how high scales businesses. That's not why you're here. You need to understand what we're trying to do here. So, two examples right here will work. Okay? So, I say, look, we have a scale and a waste problem. Okay? So, let me show you a high sales a scale problem. I go into our ad tracking and I show how we go and actually show them the accurate data and then they're actually able to scale the ads that are working. I show them ads in their account that they would have not scaled if they didn't have proper tracking. So, for example, it only showed 10 sales and us breaking even right here, but the ad actually doubled our money if we tracked it properly. I say, look, this is issue number one right here. We're not scaling our best ads. Do you see this right here? That right there, do you think that would solve your your tracking issue in terms of scale? Do you think it would allow you to go and make up that 10 15%. Yes. Okay. So, if we applied this to your business, do you think you would make an extra 10% 15% from your ads? Yes. If they say no, I go, well, how much do you think it would actually grow your business? Or with this usual tracking gap right here, why don't you think it would allow you to scale the ads? Ping-pong back and forth until they finally admit it's going to grow and make them more money. Okay? You don't ever want to tell them. You have to have them say, "This is something I believe will add this amount to our business." Now, I know if you're watching this video right here, you might be thinking that like 50% of people are going to resist you. Most people that are on these calls, if you're straightforward and not being salesy and and creepy are just going to already know they have these issues, okay? And they're already shopping around. People don't hop on SAS demos to like figure out how to change their life or unlock some new key motivational aspect of themselves. They know they have the the problem, okay? So, all we're doing is attaching the problem they know they have to money. So, how much would you make more if you scaled? Usually, it's about 10%. Let's imagine the business is doing 200k a month. That's 20k a month right here. I do the same exact thing, but I show them next for waste where they have ads and it's over reporting or giving wrong numbers that they're scaling up and not making nearly as much money as the ad reporting is is reporting. This is a chronic issue in meta ads because it takes credit for way more sales than it should be. Okay. And I say, well, okay, if you fix this right here, you could actually turn off this ad, this ad, and this ad right here. That's about 15% of the ad spend your account. How much do you think this would actually save you? Okay. Okay, that usually we're going to go through the same exact pattern before. They're going to attach 10 to 15% from it. Okay, now again, I don't want you to get too attached to this 10 15% I'm talking about right here. It can be lower. So, for example, on the air calls at high, the amount that air usually grows a Shopify business or a SAS business, about 3 to 5%. But on air, all the person has to do is touch a button and they get 3 to 5% more calls or 3 to 5% more sales from the AI. So, it's a little bit easier of a pitch. We can say you're making 100K a month, this will make you an extra 5,000 a month. You press a button, it's $150 per month. That's the pitch that we have going on right there. So you have to understand there has to be effort attached to uh this number right here. So for example, air that's something you slap onto a business and it just increases their flat revenue. At Hyros, it's something they slap onto their business and it optimizes their business so their existing business makes more revenue. So it's not a new revenue stream, it's an improving existing revenue stream. If it's an existing revenue stream, it usually needs to be in the 5 10 15% range before they start paying attention. If it's in the free money new revenue stream like air, it needs to be in the 35% range. Okay, just keep that in mind. Now, also, if you're dealing with businesses that make a million dollars a month or enterprise business making, I don't know, even $10 million a month, the numbers can sway even more. If you only increase their business 3%. It's massive amounts of money. So, keep that in mind. You could just say, "All right, we don't make small businesses that much more by increasing their business by 3 to 5%, but we can take this product and apply it to an enterprise business and make them an extra $5 million per year. then we'll just build them 500,000 a year. See how that all works right there? So, at this point, what the customer has done has assigned a money value to their problem and then attached our software to solving the problem and basically saying, "Hey, our software will solve the problem and make them that much money in their business." And so, this is where it all comes together. So, if we have that 200k a month business, we walk them through, all right, you said it would save you x amount, you said it would allow you to scale x amount, the total amount we talked about is $40,000. would you? And there's a whole downell and pitch McGee thing you can do right here where we unveil the price and stuff. We don't really do that anymore. We just say, "Hey, look, this is going to make you 40,000 a month. It's based on your revenue right here. This is going to cost you about $600 a month." All right? Or $700,000. It just depends on their business model right here. So, you can see we're we're charging way way way less. I'm pretty sure we could increase this even more to like 5,000 a month depending on the business model and what we're offering. But regardless, I believe the business is doing about 200k a month at Hyros. And then based on these numbers right here, we're probably going to build them, I think, anywhere from $800 to $1,000 a month, somewhere around that. Anyways, you're seeing we're charging so much less than the actual money that it's making them. And then we just basically say, "Hey, do you want to sign up and do this?" They're going to say, "Yes, yes, please solve this problem. Put another $39,000 in profit from buying your product in my pocket." That's it. But now, what we need to do right here is first off, if the person's like, "Nope." in this situation, we have a big problem because you obviously haven't gotten the belief that your product will actually solve this problem or they still don't believe they have the problem, which means you've done step one and number two wrong. They if they're getting to this point right here and they're saying, "Nope, you haven't done part one and part number two wrong." So, it's important you go look back at your pitch, look at your calls, and say, "Why is the person not believing this right here?" And keep adjusting and keep adjusting until that lines up and you start seeing this problem go away. Now, at this point, once they say yes, there's all sorts of things that can happen like, "Okay, now I need to get to the decision maker. I need to show the right person. I need to do this, this, and that." I'm not going to talk about that so much in this video because that's just a case-by case basis. If they're having to go and get a decision maker, try to get the decision maker on an initial demo or just keep following up with them. This isn't like infoarketing where we have to high pressure them to buy. You're not going to get results like that in SAS and B2B because this isn't some person, you know, trying to figure out how to get their make money on the how to make money on the internet and you're like pressing them. That's this one time offer to get in and uh learn how to make money from you on the internet or something like you've seen the typical info marketer pitches. We can't hard pressure these people because the person you're pressuring usually is an employee at the business. So, they're not like going to lose their pants and be feeling massive scarcity and FOMO. their thing they want to do is be able to add something in their business that shows that they're making more money for the business for their employer. If it's the founder or the owner of the company, they're going to have the same exact exec. You're not going to punish them or scare them in the fomoing into your product. Okay? That's not how it works. There's also five competitors on the market probably if you have a big company that do a similar thing. You have to just truly convince them you have the better solution and they know this problem is out there now and you have to be willing to work with them and getting them to close on that. we can offer them maybe a little special discount if we can wrap it up this week or something like that. But just understand all the marketing and sales tactics and stuff that you know that works really well in high pressure sales where we're trying to sell something someone that they might that is more emotional of a sale. This is a purely logical sale and you've made the logical situation clear right here. Now what we need to do is present them with another logical situation that involves them giving us more money uh and but benefits them. So all we want to do at this point is they say yes. You say okay cool. How about also we assign a custom white glove team to you? Like you get your own one-to-one support reps. We will do or help you with the setup in any way you please and you will get this additional product and this additional product for free. In return for us investing so much in you and assigning the full team to you, all we need you to do is just you sign up annually up front. We'll give you a 20% discount as well. And what this is going to allow you to do is guarantee your setup works. It's going to save you money. You're going to have the best top support. We'll even walk you through and train you how to use the software so you make this money probably more based on our results. Again, look at all the results. You pay annually upfront and if for some reason this doesn't work out at any point in the next year or whatever, we'll just refund you all your money. Here's verification also that we have a crazy consistency with our refund guarantee. This isn't like some promised refund where we promise it and then don't refund you. You want your money back at any time. We don't keep it. The end. And so you offer that final assisted white glove extra value pitch discount as well to get them to sign up annually and get you more cash flow coming in. And then finally, if they don't want that, you can do two things. If you're new, you might just want to resist selling monthtomonth at all because you need that cash flow coming in. And you can only deal with customers that don't churn. You want every customer to stay, have the best possible experience possible, to not churn, and to be highly committed to using your software because it's all about getting that cash flow in and getting customers results and not losing customers on their own. So, you don't want to have mass customers coming in. You want instead of having 100 customers coming in, having 10 customers a month coming in that always stick and use the software and get results so you can get testimonials and snowball the business. Okay? You don't want 100 people coming in, only 10 getting results, and another 90 turnurning. It's not going to work well. the business won't grow. So, you might want to just say, "No, we only offer it annually up front because we like to guarantee those results." Okay? Sometimes customers fail to use the software properly or whatever, and we want to make sure you get those results. Again, we have that refund guarantee. There's no risk to you. If you have a bigger business and your goal is just a stack MR, you can just kind of downell to the the to the MR. At Hyros, we are going to most of the time make the customer do the annual upfront because it allows them to get much better results at Hyros and we want the person to be highly committed to using the software so we can actually get them results and the account grows when we make more money. That's been a huge secret at Hyros. But this pitch right here is an overview of everything I've done to grow the business from start to finish. Like I said before, it's exceptional at getting cash flowing. This is how you need to be selling SAS in a value logical based way, not an emotionalbased way. We're not selling someone their new dream car or a way to start their dream business or a way to lose weight and get fit and look good at the club and pick up women. We are selling them cold hard numbers. So we have to attach the value of our business to a problem they have which also has a number assigned to it. And the amount we sell them the business or sell them the software for has to be much much less than the cost that problem is costing them. So if their problem cost them $40,000 a month and we build them $1,000 2,000 $5,000 a month, it's a no-brainer for them. It's just trading money for more money. That's how you want to sell B2B software and that's why I love selling B2B software. The final thing I talked about before is we want to try and go for those annual subscriptions because then we can get cash flow coming in lower churn. So many more benefits to it. The only cost downside of annual subscriptions is the signup conversions are of course much less. But when the signups stay forever, the money works itself out. So this is our pitch. This is everything you should be doing. If you like videos like this, like, subscribe, and also right here, if you want to see how to design a product that will actually work for these pitches, here's how to design a product, product market fit. And then also right here is everything here. Here is everything you need to do to start a SAS business from zero all the way getting it to a million dollars per month. I know it sounds absolutely crazy, ridiculous, but there's actually a blueprint you can use to build things like this. Below this video is also a bunch of other training on how to build SAS companies. just a bunch of general things you can do that work really well for SAS companies as well as all over this channel. So, you should subscribe if you're building a SAS company because I've I've done it before and I kind of know what works. So, I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Get 1,000 Paying SaaS Customer FAST From Scratch
VIDEO ID: EsgQ0bQzvZ0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsgQ0bQzvZ0
================================================================================

So, everyone on Interwebs is going to tell you the key to starting a successful SAS business, but if you really think about it, boils down to just one thing. You have to have customers. If you don't have customers paying you for your SAS business, you don't have a successful SAS business. So, that's why you need a go to market strategy to not just get lots of customers, but strategize each point that you're getting to. You need to be able to have a plan to get your first 10 customers, to take your first 10 customers to 50 customers to 100 customers and a thousand customers. Each of those points is very different because you need to be aiming for specific things in your goto market strategy, which is what this video is going to show you. I'm going to show you the go to market strategy I've used at each of those points, which is where a you're just starting off, nobody knows who you are to the point where you actually have a successful product, but you need to actually start scaling the product. I've used this process to take several SAS companies from zero to 100,000 multiple hundred thousands per month and then refined it in my latest business to take it to around $40 million a year ARR and a multi-9 figure valuations which I would deem as a successful SAS company. This is going to apply to you regardless of where you are. If you're starting a new product, it's going to help you get your first customers. But if you have an existing SAS, this is going to show you why you're not scaling to that next point. and the thing that's blocking you from going to, I don't know, 200 to 500 customers or 500 to a,000 or even a,000 to your first couple thousand customers. So, I'm going to break this down. Let's begin. So, like I said, there are phases to this and you need to recognize what phase you are in. There's MVP phase where you just have an idea. You don't even have a product. And you don't really need to be making a product until you've confirmed that your MVP is actually going to get customers. Then there's a point where you actually have a product, but it's brand new. And frankly, nobody knows who it is, what it does, or what the results are going to be. And so, you need to focus on just getting your first 10 customers. Then a product. You have some customers, but now you need to actually consistently get more customers and get them results and also get them to pay for it. So, this is the point where you want to go from 10 to say 30 customers. Now, at this point, we need to start actually marketing the product and going from 30 to 100 customers. This is where you actually start to have a lot of customers. You actually need to start having infrastructure that's going to serve those customers and be able to get them results without manually doing it for them. So once we get to this point and we've got a 100 happy customers, we have 100 people in through our go to market strategy. This is the point where we want to go to say a thousand customers or whatever level of scale is needed to start making a lot of money. These numbers right here can change. You can have a mass market product where you need tens of thousands of customers actually make money. You can also have a product where you only need a couple hundred customers to make tons of money. Maybe you're selling enterprise. So, I don't want you to really get focused on these specific customer numbers. I want you to more so focus on MR goals. Maybe getting to your first 10,000 MR, which means monthly reoccurring revenue, and then getting all the way to, let's say, 1 million a month MR. Okay? And breaking through all these levels right here and these barriers to get there. Now, through this video, I'm going to focus on just these numbers right here because it makes it easier to explain, but just recognize where you are in the process and what you need to be focused on. Because if you're at this level right here, but you're focusing on the stuff right here, which a lot of people do, you're never going to get out of this level right here. Or by the time you get right here, the product is going to be built wrong and it's not going to have the right bones to move to the next level and you're going to get stuck or you're just going to have a really bad product that eventually dies. So, we have to do all of this in phases or it's not going to work. So, what are these phases and how do we do them? So, like I talked about at the beginning of this video, we're going to be focusing on going to market, GTM, which is the big business term that SAS businesses use to basically describe making a product and selling it to people. Like all SAS terms and business terms, these are just vague. They don't mean anything and people like to use them so they sound smart. What we really need to do is define what we need to be doing in each step of our business. So, we're going to start from the very beginning. So, what is the MVP stage of the business? So when a lot of people have an idea for a SAS product, what they do is they then go and like raise money and then make the product and then try to start selling it to people. This is really stupid to do. What you want to do in your MVP pay MVP fade MVP phase the product is you need to actually define who your customer is going to be and that they might actually pay you for this. And so in other videos I've talked more about product design and coming up with the type of product you want to make. There's a video that will be linked right below talking about breakage that talks about how to find ideas in a marketplace and what to sell. I'm going to assume you've watched that video. If you have not, watch it after this video. So, during your MVP phase, what you need to do is you need to think about who your target customer is going to be. I'm not going to get into how to find those customers. That's covered in so much depth in other videos that I'm not going to cover it anymore. And what we want to then do is we want to either vibe code or even just draw out what we want our product to be. And then we want to reach out to these businesses and simply show them the idea. What does this mean in extreme detail? This means look, if we're selling something, I'm going to talk about for example, Hyros. My business I've scaled to $40 million AR. So you can have an idea of what I did. So when I have this idea, I noticed that businesses, specifically businesses that were tracking phone calls, were having a very hard time actually tracking where their phone calls came from and where their closes on the phone calls came from when they were running Facebook ads and Google ads. So, I reached out to agencies and people I knew that had businesses that were running ads. And what I did is I drew up a very simple concept of something I was using. It was just a very rough simple concept of how I tracked my phone call closes, my phone bookings, and my long-term sales. It was just a simple little Excel dashboard on the internet that showed my Facebook ad campaigns and the results. Now, I use this very rudimentary solution to actually track my phone calls, but this would have cost me like $5,000 to develop back then. is very very very simple. Now I showed this to people and said, "Would you like me to develop this for you? Would you pay me for this? Would you sign up and pay me consistently for this?" A lot of people said yes. This would be a godsend. This simple process right here of reaching out to businesses that had a specific problem and showing the problem and then confirming that they would pay for it is a step that most businesses skip. They don't like to reach out to people. They don't like to talk to people, especially when they don't have a product. One thing I also did in this time period right here is when I talked to these businesses, I would simulate a sales call. Now, I didn't have a sales pitch or some crazy drawn out 52 script blueprint to sell to them. I basically laid out the problem. I talked about the problem and then I said, "Hey, look, so we have the solution right now. Would you pay $3,000 upfront to have this solved for you? Would you pay off your annual subscription upfront? For example, if the product was $300 a month, would you pay $3,000 upfront? If we set this all up for you and got this all solved for you, everybody was saying yes at this point. And I said, "Okay, that's great. We're going to go make it now. I'm not actually going to charge you money." But that simple fake phone call strategy that I talked about, fake sales call strategy that I just discussed. This right here confirmed people would pay for it. So, this gives me at least something to start with. And if I can go and reach out to these businesses and get them to say, "Hey, you know, I really want this. I will pay for it. In fact, I'll pay annually upfront for it." then I have something that if I make they'll probably pay for and I can start getting my first customers from. This is the MVP phase and this is the first thing you should do before you start going and taking this and trying to sell it to people. Now, how do we get our first 10 customers and why do we only want to focus on getting 10 customers? Because a lot of you guys will say in my videos that I say the same thing over and over again, which is somewhat true because building a SAS business, it's a very repetitive set of strategies that all tie in together. And the core of any business that I talk about always and always on this channel and people roll their eyes is results. If you don't have results, you don't have a business. You don't have something you can scale because especially in SAS, you need people to pay for it for years. No one's going to pay for anything for years if it doesn't get them results. And so the reason why we want to focus on getting our first 10 customers is so we can work directly with those customers. We're not even trying to get money yet. And so what we're going to do that's a little bit different than the MVP phase is we're going to go build the thing. We're going to build a very rudimentary ghetto rigged piece of that does the basic functionality that we need. So, for example, at Hyros, what I did is I made something that could very simply track someone opting into something, whether it was a webinar or a sales call or a demo or something like that, and then map it to their payment processor, aka the point where money came in, and then connect it back to the ad the person came from. That was it. It was ugly. It really didn't even have a signup form or a a billing system. It was just this software right here. You could create a basic account, come in, create a tracking link, it would track your optin, it would conver it would track it all the way to the money. And so what I do is I get those customers I talked about originally, the MVP. I also reached out to a lot of people I knew were having this problem after I confirmed the MVP. I then sold this to them for free. Okay. Well, how do we make money, Alex? The person will pay you money if the result is good enough later on. You don't need to worry about that at the start. We need to worry about a person be able to come in and getting a result so good that they demand to keep using the product. So what I did is I got my first 10 customers just doing this. Now how do we find these businesses to reach out to? They're on Facebook. They're on LinkedIn. They're talking about it. You have to understand your initial sales process. We're not going to be doing something that's scalable. And because we're doing it manually, we have such a huge advantage. And because we're doing it onetoone to the customer specifically for them, we have basically crack cocaine. If the problem is big enough, they will sign up for you to solve it for them for free. So you find these businesses, X, LinkedIn, Facebook, find business owners, reach out to them, offer to solve their problem for free. Is everybody going to say yes to this? No. No, they're not. Okay? Even though they should, but you should be able to get 10 people in. And what you're going to do is you're going to put them on the software for them. You're basically going to be their tech guy. And you put them on the software, you set them up, and you get them the result, whatever it is. And if you fail to get result the result, you go and look at why the result is not happening. Is the target is the target too vague? Are you targeting too many different types of businesses with different uses? If so, narrow it down to the one business you can get results for. If it's just getting the result because the product sucks or is there something broken inside, you fix it until it works. And what you need to do is focus on getting 10 happy customers who are not paying you anything. So, they should be super happy at this point. And what you should be able to do after you've gotten them results is be able to then propose billing them something something. So you guesstimate how much your product product is going to be worth. So our opening price at hires was $199 per month. So all I did is said, "Hey, look, we've solved this problem for you. Is this result good enough that you would pay us $199 per month or $300 per month, $500 per month, depending on the size of their business?" And we got to the point where they said yes. If they said no, I said, "What what needs to be there for us to be able to charge this? Why? Why? If I turn this off right now, it's clearly making you more money. What needs to be there? And what you can also do at this point in time is you want to make sure that if you're selling B2B SAS, which is what we talk about on this channel, that the money result is there. So, for example, if someone's doing this right here and I run to their ads and they were losing, I don't know, $5,000, $10,000 a month in scale. Let's say they're spending 100,000 a month on ads. They couldn't see their results and track them properly. Thus, it was losing them 10,000 20,000 a month in total business. If I go to them and say, "Okay, cool. Will you pay $500 a month for this?" They say, "No." I say, "Okay, cool. But you realize you're going to make $10,000 per month less if we turn this off." They're suddenly going to be like, "Okay, here's $500." That's how that sales process works. And that's why I love B2B SAS because there's all sorts of times where we can vify or run into people that just want to be cheap and not pay for things. But this isn't like we're selling someone uh an infoarketing course. This isn't like we're selling someone a backscratching machine that they can live without. Once you actually make that connection in their business to your product and more money, they're going to just see the ROI and it's not going to become some emotional decision for them. It's cold heart logic. If you want to make $10,000 more this month, you keep paying the $500 subscription. The end, buddy. That that's it. And this is the point we want to get to right here because once we are at this point, now we actually have a product. Now we have something we can build around. And I want to stress during this entire process right here when I was doing this, we didn't have a billing system. We just had a simple signup. Like you don't want to be building infrastructure, customer support systems, any of that stuff. You want to get to the point where you can bring in 10 people and all 10 people get results. If all 10 people can't get results when they're forced on your software. I'm not talking about a customer coming in and then ghosting you. If that person goes to you, that doesn't count. If a person comes on and fully let you set up the software for them, they should get a result. If they don't get a result, you keep working on the software till it does get a result. You don't focus on billing or anything else. And this then takes us to the next step. So once we've gone and got those first 10 customers, what we're going to do is instead of billing them. What I like to do is say, "Hey, look, all right, we're not going to bill you. We're going to give you like four months, six months free. It really doesn't matter. We're not trying to make money here. We're trying to get what I'm talking about right here. I'm going to say, look, give us a testimonial. Talk about your results. Give us an honest testimonial. Don't just like bribe people. Say like, we'd like a testimonial in exchange. We'll let you stay on for a few months and everything like that, but it has to be an honest testimonial. And what you're going to say is, "Look, give me a testimonial about what this did for your business and then we'll let you stay on." So, why do we get these testimonials? Obvious. Because when you're reaching out to businesses at first, there's no proof that it works. There's no proof at all. And so, what we want to do is we want to have at least 10 testimonials from customers saying, "Hey, this really made us a lot more money." So, at this point, what we're then going to do is maybe you can go and build the billing infrastructure and all the things you need to actually bring on customers like a grown-up. More importantly, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be using the same reach out method to get more businesses in. We're going to sign them up for free, but we're going to have money intent this time and we're going to be armed with testimonials. So, we're going to do the same exact process except when we reach out to businesses now, we're going to show them a page of results. So, if you look at Hyus, by the way, we do all this tracking and stuff for SAS businesses. If you actually want your SAS business to make way more money from ads, like all the business you're going to see on this page, you should check out Hyris because you're basically going to make tons more money from your ads by default because you can actually track where all your demos, closes, and calls come from. It's magical. You shouldn't be running SAS ads without it. That being said, what I did when I was starting up Pyros is I showed people these giant pages with results. Now, you're not going to have famous brands and everything like that or big SAS companies or big entrepreneurs promoting your product kit. That's not the point. The main thing is all the lower level results and testimonials that I we have on our pages, the result videos, so on and so forth. Now, you can see this is kind of an extreme example. We've been in business at Hyros for a long time. We have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of results and reviews on Trustpilot overx. This is this process that I'm telling you are scaled up to a pretty high level. A better example of this is if you look at our AI remarketing product, it's still very new. First thing we did is we got customers on for free. Then we had them plug it on to their websites, their businesses, and we had the AI start bringing back people to their business, getting them on calls, getting them sales. And then what we did is we allowed the people to be on for free. And after they came on for free and got results, we asked them for testimonials. Then we put them on the page. And then we use these testimonials to get more customers onto the product. What I'm trying to stress right here is we're going to use those first testimonials and a page and a long list of results to get our next 20 customers. Now, when we get these next 20 customers, the pitch is going to be, "We put you on for free after it works and makes you more money. Then, we're going to bill you this amount." All right? So, there's a little bit more defined context to the business interaction that's going on. It's no longer just like, "Hey, come on, try this on. Help me out. We'll talk about billing later." It's now very much, look at all the results these people got. We're going to get you the same results. We're going to do it for you. And once it gets you results, we agree that you're going to pay $3,500 for a year upfront. Something like that. This is a very low touch pitch, lowrisisk pitch because again the person doesn't pay you until they're making way, way more money than they're going to be paying you. So this is again much easier to get customers in. And what we're focused now on is kind of the business infrastructure. How do we get people in with billing? How do we start scaling up the customer setup systems? So for example, at Hyros, when we first did it, it was all manual, even the billing, like we used to be putting people's credit cards in the Stripe, running it from there. Now, we are setting up at the point where there's an actual signup page. The person comes in, there's a credit card, there's account creation, and we're slowly transitioning the business from something where we do it completely for them to mostly for them to sort of for them. And we want to get to the point where they just sign up and do it themselves. That's the end goal. But you can see we're not starting with the goal of them doing it all themselves. We're still doing it done for you. What a lot of SAS companies do is they start it up and they're trying to get the person to figure it out day one and use it. That's not really how it works. People are super duper confused. For example, right now, if you look at Stripe, if you've ever interacted to use Stripe, you probably set it up yourself. Originally, when Stripe first launched, they were doing it all for their customers. They go in, they set up, they do the processes, they put on all the code, they make sure it was running, and they work with each customer onetoone. You have to do things that don't scale at first to make sure the product works. And you slowly build out the product to the point where people can do it for themselves, which is an entire other thing. Getting a person to sign up for something and fully integrate something in their business is an entire other problem than making a product that works. Our main problem right now is making a product that works and having the basic infrastructure. So, we're going to then going to go and do this this exact process. And with each of these 20 people, what we're going to do is we're going to collect a testimonial because the more testimonials we have, the more proof it works, the easier it's going to be to get people to sign up. Now, at this point right here, we have 30 happy customers. This doesn't seem a lot, but none of the numbers right here particularly matter. You have to understand, yes, this is low scale. We're not printing money at this point. We're setting the foundation for the money printing machine we're going to create. So, at 30 happy customers, you have a lot of testimonials and your clearly works. So, what we're going to try and do at this point is try to get big testimonials. You guys are probably going to see that all this comes back down to having a product that works and getting people to say it works. What we want to do now, the only difference is we're going to try and use all the credibility we've built up and all the testimonials we have to get someone large to promote the business. So if you look at for example at Hyros, one of the things that we have that's plays to our huge advantage is we have tons of famous people that say it works. For example, like Alexi uses this in the info space. This gives us a ton of credibility. Tony Robbins uses it in the infos space. It gives us a ton of credibility. We have and school both suggesting or using it which are two of the fastest growing education SAS products in the space. We have really large podcasters. We have really large names in e-commerce. We have all sorts of people that speak to our target customer using this. We have really large and up and fast growing SAS companies like iClOse adapt and some really giant brands that we're not allowed to talk about yet. We got like Clickfunnels. The point is what I'm trying to show you right here is if you are a target customer, probably one of those names I mentioned you recognize and you trust. If you're in SAS, you probably look at the SAS I mentioned. If you're in infoarketing, you probably look at the info marketers I mentioned. If you're in e-commerce, you probably look at e e-commerce names like Matt Smith or Playboy or large e-commerce brands. And you're going to look for other testimonials from businesses like yours. That's why we have a bunch of testimonials from e-commerce brands. That's why we have a bunch of testimonials from SAS businesses, from infomarketers. Because you need to find testimonials from people that are important to your target customer. Now, what you do is you find the bigger names. I'm not saying day one you reach out to Tony Robbins and say, "Hey, do you want to use my product?" What you want to do is find lower level YouTubers, lower level influencers who are in your niche and get them to use your product. And how do you get them to use the product? One, we use the same method again. Offer it for free, bill later, and your goal is a testimonial. So, find a YouTuber that's getting a few thousand views per video. Find an Instagram influencer that's getting a few thousand views on their posts or whatever. Small people that are not going to be ego inflated and asking for hundreds of thousands of dollars for their mention. Your goal here is not specifically to get them to advertise it. Your goal here is to get them results and then twist it into what I'm going to show you here in a second. But, we reach out to these influencers. We get them results with the same exact method and then we show them the results. You say, "Hey, look, you're spending $100,000 a month on ads. This made you 15k more." All right, cool. You're going to pay us $500 a month for that, but what we would really like is a testimonial. And so, what do you do with this testimonial? You slap it at the top of your testimonials. You can see we have tons of smaller brands or less well-known brands. There's actually some giant brands on here just nobody knows about. So the more famous brands we have, we then slap their testimonials at the top of our website and we want to go and repeat this process as many times as we can. One of my biggest goals at testimonials is finding big brands and getting a testimonial from them. The end. And we're going to use this testimonial to then start advertising the business and actually start scaling the business up. So where can we go with this now that we have this influencer testimonial? One, if you and the the influencer get along well, give them affiliate link and pay them to talk about your product and their videos to their market that is your target market. Easiest way to make money ever because now you have a person that all these people trust. You have their testimonial and they are incentivized to promote your product. This is a very easy way to start taking your product from that 30 customers that's small to 50 to 100 customers. What you can also start now doing is what I like to call the advertising your results strategy. And it's exactly what it sounds like. You advertise your damn results. Look, you can do all sorts of stuff. You can create these crazy AI Instal Tik Tok McGee ads that you see all over the internet. It doesn't matter if your product doesn't get results. The only thing that people really care about in B2B business SAS is results. You're not going to convince anybody by having a raccoon dancing with a bunch of shrimp in some crazy Shopify ad video. No, it's none of that stuff works. What I have in my ads, if you ever seen ads for hires, it's very simple. Hey, do you want to make this result? And I'll get in the ads in another video. Hey, do you want this result? Here's like 50 businesses have gotten this result. Here's a bunch of people that you trust getting this result. If you want to get this result, click this ad. We'll prove it even more and you can sign for goal and we'll get you this result. And if you don't get this result, we won't make you pay for it. Do you see how simple that is? There was no risk to my advertising strategy whatsoever for the customer. Hey, do you want this result? Here's endless proof and people that you trust. And if for some reason you don't get this result, you're not going to have to pay anything. So there's no risk. So come here and get this result like everybody else. That's it. That's my ad strategy. And so what we then start doing is we want to maybe use the influencers, our bigger names that we got testimonials from, offer them some incentive. And then what we want to do is we start running ads to our business, specifically to what I like to reference as a result page that I just showed you. So you can see the page that I showed you a little bit earlier on. You make a big old result page that breaks down what your product does and you just rub endless results in people's faces. And what this is going to do is it's going to get you your next couple signups. People are going to say, "Holy this looks like it works and I really want that result." You then use this to get your next couple customers. There's also a bonus if you're a cheap You can actually just go and start using organic strategies. Start making content. For example, Hyru absolutely makes SAS ads money for businesses. Hyros Air, if you put it on a website, a SAS business, they're going to get 3 to 5% more calls in their business and make a lot of money from it. The end. The products work and we've gone through all the phases where we get the results. So, what am I doing right now? I am making content on SAS businesses, showing you how I grow my SAS businesses. And when your SAS business grows, you're probably going to want to make more money from your ads. You're probably going to want free phone calls coming in. You're going to think, hm, that guy who taught me a few things, he has that cool product, and you're probably going to come check it out at some point because of all the results you see on my site. Now, look, I'm not making this video specifically to sell things to you. But, do you see how simple that marketing strategy is? I make content after getting tons of results. I show you the results through helpful content. It helps you build trust with me and then you come to my website later on and you look at the results and you want those results and you see that you can get the results without any risk whatsoever because you don't have to pay for it if you don't get the results and then you sign up to get the results. It works really well. So, I'm not saying you need to go make a YouTube channel, but making content on X LinkedIn and YouTube is a great way to start getting your next couple customers. Again, we're not trying to get mass customers. We don't need thousands and thousands of views. You need a couple hundred views. Another thing you can also start doing is again the manual reachout method because again what we're trying to do here is not get to thousands of customers. What we're trying to do is get to our next 50 to 100 customers. All you have to do is be getting 15 more customers per month to be well on your way to your first 100 customers using this result page and this result strategy that I just talked about right here. If you want to turbocharge it, use ads. Now, once we've gotten to the point where we're at 50 to 100 customers, what you're probably going to see is the wheels start to fall off your business because before you were interacting with every customer one to one, you're getting to the point where you can't when I was starting Hyros before our first 50 customers, I was able to talk to every single customer. After we got past that point, you really have to start building out the infrastructure business. This means your onboarding systems. This means your customer results or success. And this means staying on top of the results. This means watching customers come in and seeing how many of them fail. You're going to start seeing a lot of customers fail because now you're starting to move to scale. And the part where not every customer is going to have onetoone customized white glove setup. That's fine. This is the point where you take a a second and you take a little breather and you start optimizing your business for scale. This means making your onboarding super clear. This makes this means really hiring a good head of customer success who builds your customer support team that is able to assist customers and make up for your shitty onboarding and your shitty software uh setup originally when people come on. Look, when you first build your SAS business, you have two businesses. You have your product that gets results and then you actually have your product that convinces people to use your product, which is your onboarding. These are two completely different challenges. You can have the best product on earth, but no one uses it because your onboarding is bad. your onboarding is going to be bad when you first build your SAS software and you overcome that with really good customer support and then grinding the out of your onboarding. And then finally, you do not start moving forward or really start trying to scale the business until you're seeing lots of these customers now getting results. You're going to see your customer results slump. You fix it, get it back to a good point, and now we're ready to start scaling the business and get to our first 100 customers. So once we have a 100 customers, there's a few things we have right now. We have a lot of results, a lot of results and a lot of testimonials. We probably have one to two big testimonials and then we also have a 100 customers in here. So, we have a lot of chatter. So, what we want to do is we want to start using these in combination with our now good onboarding and customer results and customer success aka customer support to grow the business. We have everything ready for scale. So, what we're going to start doing now is there's a few things that are really important. One, I suggest finding some type of distribution engine in your business. So, for example, at go high level, really good example of this is they made a really good clickfunneles landing page/build a business in a box software. And instead of just directly selling that, they allowed agencies to white label the software and then sell it as their own software. So, what they did is they built a distribution engine. You've probably never seen an ad for Go Highle. They're very unheard of because basically they got everybody else to sell their software for them. And so you can see the distribution engine at go high level is they have agencies resell their software. If you saw Zapier, what it did is it added a feature to so many businesses and then Zapier made pages for the businesses and then the businesses sent their traffic to those pages to get people to sign up for Zapier. Again, another distribution engine where people went and promoted Zapier for them. If you look at school or people put their businesses on those businesses. So, they put their business on and then they advertise and then these people go and buy other products on You see how it works? Same thing. Steam. All right. Huge example with Valve. I'm getting off the screen right here. But how did you figure out about Steam? A business or a video game company launched their product and then put it on Steam and told you to go check it out on Steam. And now you're a Steam user. Now you're buying all your stuff on Steam. These are distribution engines. And when you have these in your business, that's going to make it grow much faster, especially when you have all your ducks in order with the results and everything and the onboarding and the customer support all working. At Hyros Air, for example, the way we're growing that right now is we allow agencies or we're going to allow agencies to white label it. Then they can basically resell all the leads and phone calls that Air generates for the businesses that they work with. And so they're going to sell Air for us. That is the strategy behind it. at Hyros core which is the tracking functionality. A lot of this comes from agencies going signing up for this and then using that tracking on businesses to get them better results. I like the distribution engine we have at air because it's really more thought out and I didn't start using this strategy till later in my career. But thinking about this in your business when you start it like what would the distribution engine look like? This is how you're going to grow very quickly. Now the other best way to grow this is going to be metricbased growth. So, what you're going to do is now that you have all your ducks in order, you have a foundation, people are staying on, they're paying. Figure out the lifetime value of your customer. All right? What's your churn at? Get your churn super low so that when you get a person that signs up for $100 per month, they stay for three years. So, they're worth $3,600. Then what you do is you run ads and then you find ways to get people on your software for less than $3,600. Now, look, getting someone on your software, getting a $100 subscription for less than $100, nearly impossible. Getting it for $300, nearly impossible. Getting it for $500, pretty damn easy. Okay, now I know you're not going to like the answer to this right here, but say we go and we spend $500 to get a $100 subscription, but we know they stay for three years. Well, what do we do at this point? Very, very simple. We just buy endless amounts of these subscriptions. Yes, we lose a little bit of money up front, but we're nearly 7xing our money over 3 years. This is better than any stock investment ever. And then you just raise money. You just get money and then you spend that money to get customers. Or you take money that you're making already and you just use this and you start slowly spinning it up. So maybe you have like only $10,000 profit in a month. This allows you to go and buy 20 of these subscriptions, but since you just bought 20 of these subscript subscriptions for $10,000, you actually just made about $70,000 back over three years. This is going to slowly build up, giving you more profit every single month, and you just keep reinvesting it like this. And the SAS keeps growing. Now, the bonus to all this you need to understand is that when we have a distribution engine, like we talked about, we have metric-based ads growing. Then we also have all these results. And the more customers we have, the more word of mouth we have. And what's going to happen through all this is you're going to start getting more big names. Big brands are going to start coming to you on your software, applying, signing up, checking it out. You get those more big names in there, and you create this flywheel effect where you start with this very simple stuff that is all result based, and it slowly starts getting bigger and bigger. You're going to be getting more big testimonials, more testimonials, more results, more people telling them about your product, more people sharing your distribution engine, and your ads are going to become much more effective because people know who your software is, and people will be staying longer because the software gets better. So, you can spend more to get a customer. You do this, and this is how you scaled up from your 100 customers to a,000 and really all the way to your next 10,000 customers or wherever you want to be at. This has gotten us easier on the path to scaling to 50 mil AR. I think we can take it all the way to 100 mil ar at high rose. Maybe there's going to be new stuff we have to do at at some point. But this right here works on the flywheel just keeps going and going at my business. And so this is what I would suggest you do at your business. So this is how step by step to go to getting your first customers all the way to scaling to your first 30 customers, 50 customers, taking it to 100 customers, taking it to a,000 customers. Now if you want to see the type of product you should make, check out the video at the end of this video, probably around be right around here. It shows you how to find breakage and the type of product you should be making. If money is your chief concern, maybe you see everything I talk about right here in the ads, you know, like how am I going to get money? How am I going to start this business without money? How do I grow my SAS without raising money? I never raised money for house. There's a full video on bootstrapping right here. And there's also a bunch of videos on how to get started all the things I think are most important to starting SAS companies right below here. It's all for free. If you like it and you do SAS, you should subscribe to the channel and then come check out Hyros later on because we'll make your business money via its ads. By the way, that metricbased ad scaling I talked about, knowing your LTV, your customer long-term value, that's what Hyris does for SAS business. Allows you to see all the money that came down from one ad. And you should also use hires error because it just goes and gets you free customers. You just put on your site and you have calls and customers coming in that you didn't have before. It's neat. You should use it. That being said, I'll see you in the next

================================================================================
TITLE: How To GUARANTEE Your SaaS idea Will Make Millions (Full Class From 200 mil founder)
VIDEO ID: Mm05k0oNW7M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm05k0oNW7M
================================================================================

Look, on this channel, I talk SAS and tech entrepreneurship. But if you're a business owner of any kind, if you do not get what I put in this video, you're going to fail just like all these influencer businesses. So, I know what you're thinking. Why am I mentioning influencer businesses? Because it's a perfect example of what I need to teach you today. Your business is destined to fail without it. Check out this post on X the other day. You can see all the way from Logan Paul, Casey Neistat. I'm sure you've seen all the make money online influencers who've launched their own software companies and try to get into the AI agent business. All these businesses launch tons of hype, tons of customers, huge marketing, and then they all flop and fail. Why? It's because the procs failed to achieve product market fit. They didn't check to make sure they had this before they launched their business. And so, even with the best hype in the entire world, they still all failed. And product market fit is more than just making customers like your product. It's making sure people understand, stay, and continue to pay for your product, which is an entire other beast that we're going to tackle in this video. And if you can get this first, you can essentially guarantee your SAS product or any type of business you're running is going to work, keep customers, and keep growing and making you more money. People ask me all the time, "How do I know if my product idea is good?" This is the cheat code for it that I'm about to teach you. And I would listen because this built me a software company worth hundreds of millions of dollars, and I've used to build many, many smaller companies. They're worth eight figures. It's just crispy. This is how you do it and this is how you make sure it's going to work every single time and you don't have these businesses go like all these influencer businesses. Let's discuss. Here's the first thing. Product market fit. Woo spilled a mystical letters behind this. Everybody talks about product market fit. It's talked about in SAS. If you were in tech at all, this is everybody's product market fit. Product market fit. But no one knows what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] product market fit is or has a definition for it. So, I'm going to give you a definition that actually works. And if you just achieve this one damn thing, you are going to have success. And in this video, I'm going to give you a checklist that you can go through to make sure you've achieved product market fit. Now, in a nutshell, what product market fit is is essentially where you've hit a point where your product has customers come in, people love the product, and you start seeing sales take off because people are buying your product, they're telling their friends about their product, they're using the product, they're buying more of your product, aka you have a product that works. But that's such a vague definition. And so what I actually think it is is when you actually have this and if you have this, you have a product that can scale and make you a lot of money if the market's big enough. It is when you have a collection of 20 to 50 customers that will actively freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if you turn off your product. And why would they freak out? It's because the result you are getting them is so consequential and so useful to their life that the amount of money they give you is not even an issue. It's trivial for them. In fact, they demand you take your money. If you started rejecting their money and block their access to the product, they would come with pitchforks, light your house on fire, be extremely upset. If you've ever noticed, for example, when Fortnite goes down for 15 minutes, the people don't complain or want refunds or want their money back or or to stop using the product, they start gouging their eyes out and screaming and losing their mind. This is what product market fit looks like. And so, whenever you're building a product, the first thing you're going to want to look for is this. But I'm going to break down specific criteria for you that if you achieve this checklist right here, you're going to have success because to get to this point right here, you need to know the indicators and what to build around and what things to build through. It's not just something that happens all at once. You have to build it in order. Okay, so look again, like I say before, this is exactly what I used to build my software company, Hyros, which is closing in on $40 million AR. We're growing about 40 50% a year right now. So it works obviously to this point. If you have a software company making $100 million a year, please, you don't got to listen to this video, but at least works to this point. So, take it for what it is. Now, you're also going to see me doing the same exact process with our new AI product at Hyros. You're going to notice I'm not really marketing this product for the exact reason why these influencer businesses are blowing up. You're going to see me going through this exact same checklist. So, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. So, pay attention. So, the first thing you need to look for is does it get a result for your target customer every single time? Okay. So let's talk about it in terms of my product air. So what we have right now is an AI agent. It goes out, you put on people's websites, it detects people coming to the website, and then it uses AI to reach out to them, bring them back to the website, close them, and get them on calls, increase sales. When it's put on a customer's website the right way, it increases their business by 3 to 5% each time. I'm not here to pitch you air. I'm just telling you what it does and how I look at my product and how you can look at it for your product. So the first thing is there's a lot of different types of businesses that could join up for this right now. For example, we could have like a an agency that's going to try and generate leads. Now the most important thing is we have to nail our target market first off. And so where we're trying to really get the best results are are for SAS and Shopify stores. Okay, this is our target customer with this initially. Works for everything, but these are the ones we really want to get results with every single time. So, the most important thing you need to do is you need to identify your target customer. It can't be everybody. We don't need to get results for everybody. Not everybody that logs in has every type of business type, whether they're running a zoo or a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Pokemon card store, needs to be able to sign up and get results. Just your target market, whatever it is, pick a target market, go after it. If they sign up and you hold their hand and do it for them, do they get a result 100% of the time? If the answer is no, your product isn't good enough. You don't need to be marketing it. You don't need to be taking the market. You don't need to be trying to sell it. This is it. The end. You need to go back and say, "Hey, have we nailed our target customer and their problems well enough to get them results or not. If it's not like if they're not coming in and getting a result every single time, the product doesn't work. Now, they don't have to come up and set up the product. They don't even have to use the product. If you use the product for them, aka you jerryrig it for success for them. You use your own product on their store, will they get results?" The answer is no. Do not move past this step. Keep doing this until this step is at 100%. You don't have to get them to sign up for the software or your product or whatever you're using again and they get the result. If you did it for them, would they 100% get a result? Because getting them to use the product and actively use it in their lives is a whole entire other problem. But this is the first one. Does it get a result 100% of the time? So at Air for example, before we even took this live or mentioned it, we made sure we got about 20 Shopify stores. We put them on. We made sure their revenue increased 3 to 5% when we put it on. We got SAS companies. We made sure their calls increase every single time when we set it up for them. We didn't market it. We didn't go and make some big drop. We made sure it worked every damn time before even considering putting this on our website. Now, let's look at these influencer businesses that are launching all the time. I'm going to give you just two really super duper simple examples. You see a lot of business gurus go and launch softwares. And if you've seen them launch them, the softwares are always gone within a year. Why does this happen? If they have such a huge following, and they have so many people that know about them, it's because their customers all come in, they don't get results, and then they stop paying for the software. If you do not have customers that pay three times, four times, six times, and pay for the next two, three, four years and keep coming back to your business, you don't have a business. You just don't have a business. So, there's no point in launching a product if people are not getting the result that they're looking for. You see all these fitness people launch these results in these courses or supplements and then people don't get results and people just don't give you money for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they don't need. If they don't need something they are cutting it off like that. You must make sure they get a result 100% of the time. Now the next thing you need to do once they are getting result 100% of the time you actually are cooking with fire because your main challenge right now is not having a product to get results. It's getting people to actually use the product and get results. So you must move to the next step which is the big question. Is this target market big enough? Okay. So, for example, if we got 1% of the entire SAS market and 1% of the entire Shopify market with Hyros Air, well, we we're making hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Perfectly fine. Market's big enough. If we are going after every single organic dentist in the Plano area, that's our that's our target demographic or the little suburb. No, we're not going to be able to scale this to $100 million a year. You need to be able to look at what's your goal income. So, if you want to make a million dollar per year, you can actually just go in a small market and make a small business that makes a million per year and just dominate the hell out of it. Totally fine. If you want to go and make $10 million, you're going to need more target customers. You need to look at the type of customers you're working with as well. For example, Harvey is a AI agent platform for lawyers and it only has about 500 customers. I think last I checked they're doing about $150 million a year in revenue or something crazy like that. I I forgot it was, but they had a very small amount of customers in return for how much money they're making. So again, because their target market is lawyers, there doesn't need to be zillions of customers. There just needs to be like a thousand of them, 500 of them, and they're doing very, very well. I looked at another company called Turig, and most of their money all comes from eight customers. If you look at Nvidia, I think almost all of their revenue comes from like two or three other companies. So, you got to think, you got to look at these numbers and you got to actually look at the customer size and what's going on there. So after you've identified that the target is market is big enough, you now need to go and determine if the problem and solution is big enough. Okay, so what do I mean by this? Remember when I said those people who get angry if you turn it off? So look, if you come and create some type of glue that makes my refrigerator stop squeaking and the glue costs $1,000, I'm probably just not going to pay you for that because that's not that big of a problem in my life. However, if I have a wart growing on my face and without your ointment, this wart just gets bigger and bigger, I will pay you $10,000 a day for that product. So, what you need to understand about this is that you need to solve a problem that's big enough in relation to the money that you're trying to charge that the person will lose their absolute mind if you turn it off. For example, if we connect someone to air at Hyros and they're making an extra 3 to 5% a month. Say it's a Shopify store making 100,000 a month and then we make them an extra $5,000 $7,000 per month and then we turn off air. They get really peevey very quickly. Like we can flip it on and off and make their emotions go up. We don't do this. Okay, this not this is not something we've attempted at Hyros. But I'm making the point right here. If you look at, for example, Logan Paul's Prime energy drink, which is not doing so well right now from what I heard. I'm actually I like Logan Paul. There's nothing against Logan Paul or anything they're doing. It's just the prime example of an influencer business not going well after taking off. Did the people get morbidly upset when they took away Prime or they stopped buying Prime? No. They didn't have a hard problem that they solved. That's it. It didn't. People didn't get super upset when you when they stopped buying Prime. Problem right there. If you look at a lot of these influencer businesses where they launch software, they make an attempt at software. What happens when people forget to pay their bill at the software companies that these influencers launch? Nothing. like the people don't notice. They're like, "Oh, this software I was paying for, uh, it's not there anymore." If you have that situation, you don't have a you don't have a company. Yeah, you can solve the problem, but if the problem's not that big, the person is not going to stick around. You want something, the second that credit card bill defaults or something, the person flips out because it's turn off. If if I don't pay my cell phone bill, it turns off. I notice like immediately within minutes. Okay. If I don't pay our Amazon AWS bill at Hyros, our entire software goes offline. We notice pretty quickly. Now, you don't need to have a problem that big, but this is what you need to do. If you have your product online, whether it's a supplement, whatever, just go turn it off for 30 minutes. If you don't have multiple customer support tickets with people getting really mad, you don't really have a product. Okay? Uh if if you want to if you have a supplement or something like that, just go to your site and turn off the order form for a day. If you don't have people pounding down the door and saying, "What the hell was going on?" and saying book me or notify me as soon as it comes back online. You don't have a product. Okay? You have to do this step right here after those steps I just talked about. Now, at this point, if you have these things I just talked about, you're cooking with grease. You got something good. Your biggest challenge right now is getting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the person, if this is the person and this is the cookie you're selling them, it's to put that damn cookie in their mouth. Because you have to understand, you need to love your customer. Your customer is the number one most important thing. You need to be obsessed with these people and you need to love them because what they're doing is they're paying for you and your staff's entire life. And if your company is successful, making all of you very rich. Like they're the best thing ever. Okay? But you also have to look at them this way. And this is a really good thought experiment. Don't think of your customers like this, but look at them and think in this way. Imagine your customers are a 5-year-old who's super grumpy, past their bedtime, will put effort into and nothing. They're just a little fat little fiveyear-old and will not lift a finger to get any result with your product. They will not read. They will not read more than five words at a time. They will look off in different directions. Their phone will be going off. Just think of them as the most ADHD psycho three-year-old past their bedtime grumpy person who hates you. And then imagine you're trying to get them to use your product. This is the key because for example, let's talk about Dropbox. I'm sure you've heard of them. So when they launched their product, this is something that had all the criteria that I talked to you about in the previous sections. All those all those things in the list, they had it. But when people came and signed up for them and they presented the promo to people and they had people try to sign up, only about 10% of people got to the point where they actually use the software. I don't care if you send a million people into the business. I don't care if you have Mr. Beast take his shirt off, light his nipples on fire, and declare it the best software or product on earth in the history of products. You don't have a business. It doesn't matter. So, what you need to do as soon as you have this, you need to go into your product experience, whether it's a supplement, whether it's a tool people have at their house, whether it's a software, and say, what is the initial experience like? And one, is it memorable? Is it impressive? Does it leave a good vibe with the customer in the first two minutes? Okay, in the first two minutes. And more importantly, does the customer get some sort of value and recognize the value in the first two minutes? Because if people don't recognize value, they're going to bounce. and does the customer understand the value and how to get it easily within the first two minutes. If they don't, it's not going to work. So, what you're going to see is a really good way to personify this is if you look at most SAS companies setups, um the time it takes to get value is weeks. And when people sign into software companies a lot of times, think about software tools you've bought for your business. It's like they showed up to an empty warehouse with a bunch of IKEA furniture everywhere and it says good luck in the middle. No one's going to stay around and use that even if it if it removes the wart on their face kind of problem. So what you want to do is make sure that the person gets to that initial value and has that aha moment in the first two minutes and they don't have to think. So two really good examples of this type of care is go sign up for a software called Gamma. It's a AI generation PowerPoint company worth billions of dollars right now and they've been able to achieve that in like two in the last two years. Crazy growth. The reason why they've been able to do this is they spent so much time on their first their original 30 seconds to two minutes. And if you go sign up for that software, you're going to be creating AI powerpoints and seeing the benefits and value of the software within seconds and you won't have to think. It has like coloring book pictures to get there. So the same thing when we were launching Hyros Air originally for our Shopify customers originally from the sign up they had to go through the hyro setup. They had to install some code. They had to do all this stuff. We reduced the entire setup. I'll put it on the screen right now from this which is just a bunch of jargon and onboarding stuff to literally this thing I'm playing on the screen right now. It takes the setup down to about 15 seconds and immediately within those 15 seconds they don't have to put a card down. They start seeing the software working and generating customers on their site that day. Okay. And so why did we do that and why did we not even launch the product until we had something like that up or start mass marketing which we haven't done yet. this same exact concept right here. Same thing as Dropbox. Same same thing as Gamma. I don't care what you're selling. Imagine if Eat Sleep, for example. You know that mattress that everybody sleeps on right now. That mattress, imagine if it show up to people's house and like there wasn't any good instructions and the manual stunk and stuff like that and you just got a big old mattress in a box. I don't care if that thing gets down to sub-zero arctic temperatures and makes you lose weight while you're sleeping. No one's going to put it on. And so that's why they made the boxes, the setup, the the phone app, everything. impressive as hell, clean as hell, and just like literally coloring book. If you ever sat up one of those beds, it's like put cord in thing. They have like pictures, big giant pictures. They don't even use words because everyone's too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid to read these days. They have that. Okay, so what you need to do is you start getting your first customers in and you measure how often a customer comes in and gets results. You don't need to be marketing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] until they get 100% of the way there. I guarantee all these influencer software businesses you see that always launch, they probably have one, they always charge people upfront because they know the people aren't going to get the result. It's not because they're trying to scam. It's just because they're stupid. They're like they don't they don't understand how to build a long-term business. And so they think they just need to charge up front because they're not going to get their money any other way. And so what they're going to do is they have all the people come in. Someone pays $1,000 for their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] software. And then 5% of the people even get to fully set up with the software because that's how software works. You don't have a business. The next time this bill rolls around and people aren't going to resubscribe, business is dead after the second reoccurring bill. That's it. Why on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name would you send 100,000 people down this funnel when 95% of them are going to cancel just cuz they can't even get to the value of your software? I don't care if your software literally makes your dick 10 feet bigger. It's not going to work if they don't get to the value. So once you get people going down your funnels and after they buy or do your trial and you get to 90% of people getting to the value and understanding the value and getting what you're doing, what you then need to do is look at this one last final thing. Is it good enough that they're telling their friends, this is their friend, this is friends about it. This is the final step. If you have all those things I said before, people getting morbidly upset when you turn it off. 90% of people getting to the result and you can witness them telling their friends about you can put things in there like an affiliate program or distribution model uh kind of like for example Zapier all the software companies that plugged into it they made pages on their website and all the companies started sending people to their uh to the Zapier website to hook in with Zapier distribution model right there. If you look at school for example, people really like school and so they go and create classrooms on school and they share the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of it because they get affiliate incomes from school uh or from the school classrooms doing it and they also really like the product. The same exact thing going on with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in that situation right now. That's why WOP's growing like crazy because people share it and tell all their friends about it. They create this community where people are talking about two prime examples right there in software right now. I really want you to think about the experiences you've had with products and what products you're really into. You probably have a few supplements. You probably have a few clothing brands. some things you just really like and you've told a lot of people about without any incentive from the company. You probably most of the things you use, that's how you use them or you look for some referral online. Once you have that, that's when things are crispy. That's when things are really crispy because what you're going to have is you have this funnel where people freak out. They want to keep paying you. They come in at such a high rate and have success at high rate that they keep paying you to super high rate and then they tell their friends and your their friends all go through that same exact process. This is how companies like Slack or Gamma or other companies I mentioned in this video go from nothing to worth billions of dollars hyper quickly. This is all there is to it. And then once you have all this, you have like this this steroid chipmunk covered in gasoline. All right. This is He's right here. Here's his ears. And you also It's also shaped like Wyoming. We'll give him a give him a There you go. There's There it is. You have the superpowered squirrel covered in gasoline and you're just sitting in him with a flamethrower at this point. Okay, this is a terrible example. Anyways, you got this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] squirrel and you have this thing that would have just been a little bundle of matches. It's now a giant log covered in gasoline and it just explodes when you send stuff in there and then people stay for years and so you keep this energy. What is going on with all these influencer businesses and how most people run their businesses is they don't have that and so they have this pile of matches. They send in thousands of people into the pile of matches. There's a little puff and then the energy gets lost. It it doesn't escape. You want to start off with five people. Just five five [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come in there. You send them in and you make sure all five of those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stay. They do not want to leave. They they will fight you if you're like, "Hey, it's time TO LEAVE." THEY'RE LIKE, "That's what you want." Okay. Then once you have that, you make sure all those other things like establish, you make sure when you send five more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there, they get all the way there and they end up in that same psychotic place as those other five [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then you make sure they tell five other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. Then once you have all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here staying in here getting all humpy dumpty, then you send in a thousand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into this environment right here and none of them leave. So this is the exit. They're all like, "Nope, nope." They bar the exit and make it so you can't even put the exit there without them suing you or something. That's when you are going to have an incredibly wildly successful business. And if any of these influencers did it, the reason their businesses are failing is not because they're influencers or hype doesn't matter. Hype reallying matters. It's it's it's phenomenal. It's it's it's great. You want to have lots of hype. It's great marketing. It matters that you have these things so the customers stay after they hit. It's the only thing. If Logan Paul had done this with his and they they had found some way to make Prime stick and they had done test groups where people actually kept buying it. They made sure people kept buying it without prompting from Logan and KSI every single time. A zillion dollar brand. If all the other companies that I mentioned made sure that people kept buying, if all these influencers and make money influencers, the softwares they launched, uh the crypto companies they launched and all stuff, they made sure people kept buying afterwards, zillion dollar companies, zillion dollar companies immediately, but they don't. And so they become zero dollar companies. They go that's why you see companies like school. I don't know if you know Sam Ovens, he used to be an influencer, used to be a make money guy. He's like, "Hey, you know what? I'm just going to go sit in my house and never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk to anybody ever again." He made school. He did this exact same process. Make sure that every person that comes in stays forever and then he slowly just got more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in who told everybody about everything else and then it just slowly fly out. You will never see Sam on the internet like at all anymore. There's like videos on like with 30,000 views and the company's worth like $800 million. So you tell me what works. It's this process right here. It's simply this process right here. This is the same process I use to get high roast my business a large amount. This is the exact same process I'm using at our new product there as well. I think if you look need tracking for your SAS or Shopify company or you want literally to just add three to five percent more calls or revenue, you should check out Hyros Air or Hyros tracking. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. You you'll like it a lot. But this video isn't the pitch of those things to tell you how to build your bu your business properly and what's worked for me over and over and over again. So that's the video. If you like these videos, subscribe and um you know, bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How to make a million $$ SaaS start up from scratch (My entire 200 mil blueprint)
VIDEO ID: zs7Y_1dX6A4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs7Y_1dX6A4
================================================================================

So, this is the most impactful thing I can teach you because it's made me hundreds of millions of dollars. This is also something that nobody wants to learn. It's probably going to be one of my lowest viewed videos. So, if you can make it to the end of this video, you're in the tippity top of the 1% who knows the most important thing I can possibly tell you about making a lot of money. And bonus, I'm not even going to sell anything because what I'm going to teach you in this video is how I actually make money. And that's by building tech companies and SAS companies and then selling SAS companies. And I don't want to toot my horn. I'm not Elon Musk or anything like that, but I've built a company worth over $200 million. We're doing about $40 million ARR right now, growing at about 40 50% per year, which put us about 50 to 60 at the end of 2026, crossing my fingers, which by the lowest of multiples in SAS, a 56x easily puts us at a $300 million company. And so, while I'm not the greatest tech entrepreneur in the world, I'm pretty damn decent at it. And I can tell you exactly how to make it work because I've started countless smaller software businesses and the software business and got them the profitability. And in this video, what I'm going to focus on is teaching you how to go and start your company even if you have no cash flow. Even if you don't know how to code, I don't code at my companies. I can code JavaScript. I can vibe code. I am not coding my software. But this doesn't matter if you don't know how to code. You don't have cash flow right now. I'm going to show you how to get started. And I'm going to show you how to pinpoint the best idea, the best place to start, how to come up with a software idea for business that is going to actually be profitable and get you customers. then how to get those customers, how to turn those customers and a lot of customers, how to keep those customers, and how to start scaling the company. Whether you're an absolute beginner at this or you're a person that's already been doing software for years, this is going to show you how to start the right way. And even if you've been doing software or business for years, I can almost guarantee you're starting your software company the wrong way. Because even though I had like 5 years experience, I started multiple software companies the wrong way. So, you're probably doing it as well. That said, let's begin. Let's start the SAS super secret scroll startup advice class lesson YouTube xxx deluxe blueprint. That's the name of the video. Tell your friends about it. So look, number one starting point, why SAS? So look, I'm not really going to sell you the idea of SAS on here. If you want to go make some little wing-dings skis bag YouTube influencer business, by all means, go for it. If you're here, you probably already build SAS or you're pretty sold on it. But I want to double down here if you're on the fence about it just for one moment because I think if you actually look at the legs of SAS, it's much easier than other business models and it's much better long term. And unless you're planning to be an entrepreneur and make money for six months and then quit and go back to your job. We want to focus on the long term because we want to do this for our entire lives. We don't want to do this for a year or two. Okay? And we want a skill set that's going to grow our entire lives instead of being aligned just with this one time period in human history. So listen to me. A lot of people are afraid of SAS because they think it takes huge cash flow. You have to hire developers and you have to code and it's really hard to make the product and grow it and you have to lose tons of money up front. So you have to go and light everything on fire up front. These are all misconceptions that are not true. And I'm going to address a few of them very quickly. So, first off, when it comes to cash, no, you absolutely do not need a lot of cash to start SAS companies. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate people that don't want to invest and take risk in their businesses. This is not one of these videos where you have one of these YouTube videos saying, "You can build it without risk, without cash, and without investment. Just buy my $5,000 mastermind." I don't This is not for everybody. This is for the top 1% of people. Okay? This is not so everybody can go and make money and have a a cool side hustle. This is for people that are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serious about business. So, let's get that straight first. That being said, I've started so many SAS companies with a very small amount of money or bootstrap them or what I'm going to show you in this video is how to start your SAS company without any money whatsoever. Now, myself, I hire developers to build SAS companies for me. I hired teams to do it. And in this video, once you start making money, you're going to want to hire developers. You're not going to want to be doing your own coding. That's just not how you run a company. If you're spending all your time coding, you're not doing all the other things that the company needs, which you are needed to do as a CEO. Now, learning how to code, I think you should learn how to code. I think it's probably one of the most valuable things you can do. With that being said, knowing how to code and also understanding how to vibe code allows you to build apps and software very quickly in the way that we're going to be making them in this video. What we want to do with our software companies when we're starting off is we're not going to go and try to build, especially if we're a beginner at this, we're not going to go and try to build a Salesforce or a Hyros or a Gamma or a Slack. We're not trying to build a billion dollar company here. Our goal right here in this video is to build 3250K a month revenue SAS companies and build lots of them very quickly until we're good at it. And then a few of these might actually scale to a lot higher income levels. We're not going to be focusing on building big giant SAS companies in this video. Though I will give you the blueprint for going and doing that in this video. We'll talk about that in later videos. That being said, if you know a little bit of code and you can also vibe code, you can build small micro apps and you can start getting into this business model and making 20, 30, 50k a month from smaller apps and then you're going to scale up and then you have money to fund developers. And so that issue is just a non-issue. People also think it's really hard to come up with a product. I'm going to give you a cookie cutter blueprint that's going to allow you to know what to make and how to research what to make and so you're not making the wrong product. You're not have to go and like make some big giant Steve Jobs in your garage idea. You're just simply going to have to follow a blueprint for finding breakage in businesses and then making a small little product that fixes that breakage. Now, when it comes to losing and burning tons of money up front, again, like I just point out, I'm going to show you how to start these businesses without losing a lot of money up front and pretty much have a 100% hit rate before you put any money into the business. You put all these things together, you might be looking at other business models. And again, this is for people that want to start SAS. I'm not here to convince you to to stop your looks maxing YouTube influencer business. You're going to do it by all means. You got the space wide open. I'm not bringing my jawline secrets on YouTube anytime soon. But if you look at stuff like launching info businesses or e-commerce dropshipping or running an agency or or running ads for businesses, all these things are super hyper saturated. You're competing with like everyone in SAS. Nobody builds SAS and nobody builds SAS in the way that I'm going to show you right here. And for example, like at Hyros, I have like two, three other competitors I have to worry about at my level. There isn't 5,000 people launching every single month that do tracking and attribution. The same thing I'm going to show you right here is going to allow you to be one of the only people in your market, which means by definition, if you want a business that's easy to run, you just be one of the only people selling the thing that people really need. That's that's the real way to build an easy business. If you're getting into YouTube influencing or whatever the hell people are doing to start businesses right now, you're competing with everyone and there's a moat. So, not only is there 5,000 people all trying for the same cookie you're going for, there's 500 people joining every single month. This actually makes it harder because you have to be so damn good at what you do. You have to make it to the top 1%. You have to be in the top 10 people of this 5,000 to really make any real amounts of money. And you're going to spend most of the time in the bottom 4,000 that don't make any money. And so you're really having to reach a level of skill and competency that is extremely high, much higher than the level of skill and competence you're going to have to reach here. So it's actually easier to make money with this. It just doesn't seem like it because of the lack of saturation and the assumed moat of what's happening here. So that is why as a nutshell, if you're starting a business, SAS is the best. But when it comes down to the actual legs of the business model, the reason why SAS [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rocks is very simple. You're basing your business off of reoccurring income. So recurring income means that the business is going to reoccur the income that comes in. So if you get a $100 customer, they're going to keep paying you for years as long as your product works and delivers what it's saying it's going to do. This leads to a business model that snowballs and doesn't require you to have to do huge crazy feats of strength to make it make a lot of money. For example, if you are selling a software for $500 a month, which I'm going to show you to do here, and you get four customers a month, $2,000 worth of income coming in per month, that means if you do that all year round, and you just stack up those customers, you're going to be making $24,000 a month just from getting two, four customers per month. It stacks on top of itself. This means that you're going to have income you can count on coming in to keep improving the product. And it just works and snowballs like that. You do it again the next year. You maybe improve your business to six or eight customers a month. You're making a h 100,000 a month pretty consistently and reliably very quickly without having to make yourself famous on the internet or sell to thousands of people. This is different than e-commerce where you have to get your customers again every single month. If same exact problem. The other cool thing about SAS is that it generates high multiples. So when I gave you the multiples of my company, I gave you like the lowest possible multiples people usually in their SAS companies, 5 to 6x, which is usually pretty low. If you have good churn and you have a really strong business, 8 to 10 X's are very usual and there these businesses are very liquid, meaning that there's always a lot of people lining up to buy them. Now, this doesn't mean people are going to be kicking down your door to buy your SAS, but after a few years and if you've established your SAS, so you get the 50 to 100K month, there will be a buyer for four or five, 6x capital uh multiple if you're looking for it. So, this means you actually have a business that you can sell. You're not going to be selling your drop shipping business. You're not going to be selling your e-commerce business because they don't have this reoccurring model built in. They don't have the market isolation that a SAS company has. Anybody can go and start a copycat e-commerce business very quickly quickly. Anybody can go and start a copycat info business very quickly. Anybody can go and create a copycat agency business very quickly. What we're working with here is actual tech and development and the IP that you're actually building that has value. And so this right here, just these two things alone make SAS really the best business model in my opinion for long-term income building and long-term wealth because at the end of it, you can exit it. Finally, if you look at AI and you look at software as a service right now, there is no bigger opportunities to make huge amounts of money in the world right now, bar none. We are seeing businesses go from 0 to$und00 million in annual revenue faster than ever before. You look at Gamma, you look at Scale, you look at Cursor, you look at Bolt, you look at Lovable, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ridiculous. Now, I'm not saying you're going to make any companies like those. I am saying the opportunity is just wide open. There's nothing better you can scale into longterm in your life because you can start with this building little 30 $50,000 micro SASes as your first projects and then once you have your legs underneath it, you can actually go and take some really huge big swings if you use the blueprint I'm going to give you in this video. The first thing we need to talk about right here is how to actually start a SAS company. And it all starts with the idea. And so, yes, I'm going to talk about hiring developers and actually building it, but you have to understand what you're trying to do here. So, the best SAS companies, in my opinion, to build are going to be B2B SAS companies. We don't want to be building a Tinder or an Uber. You can do that. You can 100% do that, but it's not going to be the cookie cutter blueprint that I'm going to give you. You're going to have to take some big risk. Consumer uh SAS to consumer or software to consumer is a very difficult niche to get into because you have to go mass market. And as soon as you go mass market, you have to raise tons of money and it becomes these software stories that you hear about on TV or you see like Facebook or Uber. You just we're not going to try and do that as our first rodeo. Okay? Uh we don't want to build some low tier gaming company. We don't do something like that. We want to go and do B2B because we can sell in a specific way that almost guarantees success. So the way that we're going to go and build a successful company is the way that for example, if you look at Sam Sarah, this is a company that I'm going to describe everything it does super terribly right here. But what it does is it monitors the levels, the quality, the environments inside of truck fleets while the items inside of it are being delivered. So for example, let's say you got a bunch of lobster in the back of a truck. It monitors the temperatures, the filling or the amount of liquids or preservatives in the tank. All this really weird, boring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you would never even think about. And this is like a multi-billion billion billion zillion dollar company. They make so much so much money it'll make your head spin. Why am I telling you about Sam Sarah? Because what they did is what we're going to be doing here. They went and originally said, you know, I think a lot of these restaurants and these a lot of these people who are shipping things or storing a lot of inventory of products that require specific temperatures or specific climates to stay good, they're losing a lot of money by not being able to monitor their tanks, by able to not monitor the temperature. So, for example, if someone's shipping lobster and the temperature goes above a certain rate, they need to know about it because if they don't, they're going to lose $50,000 worth of lobster. So, what they did is they went and started and they made a little tiny micro app for businesses that could do this. And they went to the businesses, showed it to them, and the businesses actually told them, "Hey, we need to actually truck it track this in fleets, not tanks in our storage facilities." And then they found the problem, a little niche problem that people were losing tons of money by not being able to track what's going on in the trucks or their truck fleets where they're shipping goods back and forth and it's losing them tons of money. So they made a little tiny software in a little bit of micro devices to put it all together. They made a platform for it and it tracks all those things and then they sold to these companies for tons of money and the company scaled to billions and billions of dollars. Now a lot of things I just said there are not going to be identical to the Sam Sarah store. I'm sure I kind of paraphrased and made up a few parts right there. What I'm describing right there is the process of going from a little tiny little idea app to a multi-billion dollar company by finding one thing in businesses, breakage. What you want to do when you're starting your business and looking for ideas is you find breakage in businesses that is either losing them money through waste, okay, losing your lobsters, if you're if you're driving a truck around and it gets too hot in the truck, you end up with stinky lobsters. So all the businesses were losing money because of waste or scale. So for example, my business Hyros, if you're running Facebook ads, YouTube ads of any kind for e-commerce software companies, uh, info businesses, because Facebook ads tracking does not talk to your Google tracking, does not talk to all your organic traffic, the rest of your business. If it doesn't, it doesn't plug in and it loses tracking on phones and whatnot. The result is people can't scale their ads as far as they want to. So what Hyus does, it plugs tracking attribution and fixes that tracking and connects all the tracking the business. And when you slap it on Facebook ads, on average, the business is going to make 10 15% more. is proven across 5,000 plus businesses, huge names in basically every vertical. And so what we do is we found a lot of breakage because people were not able to track their ads correctly. We provide correct tracking that connects their entire business. Suddenly their business is able to make 10 15% more. So if a business is making 500,000 per month from their ads, suddenly they're making $550,000 per month. This is again breakage due to something wrong with the business model or something disconnected. in the scale side right here. My example of tracking in the wayside losing proctor inventory. Either one of these things right here. If it's losing 50k a month or they can make an extra 50k a month, you can then bill from this money that you're making them. So if you're making an extra 50k a month, you can easily bill 2k a month for the service. You're saving them 50k a month. Depending on how painful that 50k a month is for them, you can bill 2k, 5k a month for the service. This is where we make our money at. And the reason why this is so easy to sell is because you have a product that is unique that nobody else has that is also printing them money. It is so much easier to sell someone something. For example, if you're selling a Looks Maxing course on YouTube, you have to convince a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to just give you $2,000 out of their pocket without any any incentive. Right here, if I say, "Hey, look, you will make $50,000 if you give me $2,000." You suddenly have someone hooked in immediately. And they're going to say yes to that. As long as you can do it. As long as you can do it. This is what we're going to aim to look at in businesses. So, what you want to do when we're starting our SAS is we want to find breakage, but we don't want to just find generic breakage. What we want to do when we're starting SAS companies, especially when we're starting small, is find breakage in specific niches and niche the f down. So, what we want to do is we want to find businesses that have money. Okay? We don't want to be selling to startups or or beginners. Okay? When we're looking at little people making their first info product, for example, if you look at school, that's exclusively their niche. That's who they sell to. School makes a lot of money, but it took them like five, six years to make money. And they have to build massive, mass market to get people in who are not making much money from their businesses and teach them how to make money from their businesses or courses or whatever. These are not people that have lots of money. And so, we're trying to convince someone that doesn't have money to give us money. We want to actually just go for someone that's already making money and then we want to give them the opportunity to make more money and then they'll give us some of that money. Much easier way to go. You can build something like school. It's just going to be hard. I don't like hard. I'm going to show you easy. So, we want to find businesses that are making money. In this example, I'm going to use doctors. And then we want to niche down. Okay, dentist. And then we want to niche down even further. Organic dentist. Okay? You know, like the people that go and remove fillings because there's like metal in them or some spiel like that. We want to niche all the way down to this. Why do we want to do this? So, we're not going to just go to doctors. I'm not saying just go into the medical niche. What I want to say is you want to find professions, jobs, business tracks that are making money and then you want to go three to four levels down. This is if you want to start up correctly and easily. Why? Because if I'm making a software for all doctors, I'm going to have a lot of competition and there's going to be a lot of stiff competition there because it's a huge market. If I niche down to dentists, it's going to be a much smaller market. I'm going to be able to sell much easier because there's a lot less people competing for dentists. For example, uh if you look at Alex Heroszi with gym launch, way back then, people were making all sorts of courses for businesses and how they can go and scale their local business. Alex went one level further and targeted gyms. Absolutely no one was making services or business growth products for gyms back then. No one was. It was it was no one even knew how to even grow gyms. Alex was literally the only person doing it. Now, I'm not going to take away from any of Alex's skill or or skill in business. He's obviously very comp. He's kind of decent at it. That said, he had such an easier time growing that business to $40 million per year than other people had growing businesses to $5 million per year because he was the only [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] selling to these businesses. He even took a little SAS product and made one. It was very small and he scaled that to like a million dollar selling it to gyms cuz no one was making this stuff for gyms. There's no one selling them SAS products. That's the example I'm trying to give you right here. So, if we scale down to dentists, it's going to be even easier. here. And if we scale down to organic dentists, we can make a product that is so microspecific that when we get on the phone with these people, we have something that is so much easier to sell to them than if we're selling something way up there. We're going to be the only person selling a little micro app that is for organic dentist on planet Earth. They're they're not going to be getting multiple phone calls. You'll be the only person that calls them this year and like, "Hey, you're doing an organic dentist business. I have this little phone app that leaves voicemails and is fully trained on organic dentist businesses and it's going to help you close three to four or more clients per month, which is going to make you $10,000 a month. You just pay me $1,000 a month. We're good to go. Organic dentist buddy, we're going to make the big bucks. You're going to be the only person that sells them that ever. And I'm going to tell you the big secret to selling. It's not being a good copywriter. It's not being smooth on the phone. It's having something that people really need and they can't get anywhere else and is unique. If I tell you right now that I have a course that cures acne, you're probably not going to listen to it. You're probably not going to buy it. But if I tell you right now I have a specific course that cures a very rare form of acne that you have that is super micro down that nobody else is offering on the entire internet. You will pay me instantly and you will pay me five times more what you pay for that original course. The secret is not being good at selling though that helps. The secret is not copyrighting though that helps. The secret is having a hot dog stand in a desert. That's what we want to do here. So with this, you have to understand when we nutch down, we're going to go and target breakage in these very small businesses. Then we're going to move to step three. Once we we target the breakage. In this example, I'm going to use let's say we have an organic dentist office. And when people call or message their support, people that are at the front desk are not fully trained to answer any questions on organic dentistry. They're just they're just not there at that level. What we're going to do is we're going to train a LLM chatbot to go into their customer support and not only convince and answer people's questions about organic dentistry, but get them to book a call. And then we're going to create a little micro app that they can plug into their site that does that for them. And it will also follow up and text them and everything from there. Now, you're probably wondering, how do I go and build one of these things? There's a million zillion videos on how to vibe code and code and build stuff on YouTube. I'm not here to talk about building this specific product. That's actually not that important. we need to talk about the positioning because once you understand the positioning and how we're going to put it all together, that all kind of falls into place. So, we need to get into how we're going to build these little apps or whatever. So, we what you're going to see in this video is what I'm really trying to do is trench. And by trench, I mean get really deep in the nitty-gritty and make a product so specific someone can't say no to it. We're not going to rely on sales skills. We're not going to rely on our ability to run ads. We're going to rely on making something so custom fit to a customer and so low scalable that they have to say yes to that. So what I mean by this is do things that don't scale which don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right. So look, I'm not going to write out everything I say in this cuz why I don't see the point. But this means do things that don't scale. You're going to see this all over SAS. For example, when the guys that built Stripe when they originally got going the Collison Brothers, they would go up to people at events and be like, "Stripe is much better than PayPal." People like, "No." And they say, "No, no, really, we'll just install it for you for free, and you you tell us." And they went and put Stripe on people's businesses. They did it for free. They didn't bill them. They showed them how much better it was. And then as soon as the person saw how much better it was, they had a locked in 3 to 5% fee, whatever they're charging back then, on those businesses forever. And then they did that 10, 20, 50 times until word of mouth where everyone was saying like, "Hey, Surpris is pretty damn good." And it just went from there. So that's an example. Do things that don't scale. You're going to hear that all the time. We're taking this down to another level. When we are building our original SAS apps, due to vibe coding right now and due to how easy it is to learn code and how many tools are to learn code, we can actually go and create a specific app for each business. And what we actually want to do is we want to build a platform that we can bolt things onto pretty easily. And what do I mean by that? That means we can go and build a little app. Let's say we make a call booking app. Just a little dinky thing specifically for organic businesses. We can easily go and vibe code different parts of it on there. Or once you hire a developer, they can easily go and add little features for each specific business that's on there. So why do we want to do that? Well, what we're going to be doing when we first start off is we're going to be approaching these businesses and you just offer them the software what you're going to be doing for free. Now, because it's so specific and so catered to them, they're going to say yes to it. And then what you do is you go and get or you set up the business on your app that fixes whatever breakage there is in their business and you do it for them and then you just deliver the result. So once you deliver the result to the business, let's say we have this little organic dentist business and you can go and dramatically improve it with a little custom AI bot. This is an example of AI as a service where a lot of things are heading and you can scale these things up to the moon. So for example at Hyros, our other product air, you just slap it on a Shopify site and it basically adds an outbound SDR for every single Shopify store and every visitor that comes to the site. It identifies the visitors, looks at what they're looking at and then reaches out to them to talk them about the product they were looking at and close them on it if they did not buy. You slap this on any Shopify store or any SAS business really. Anyone who's just trying to get their visitors to come back and buy, it instantly increases the business by 3 to 5% like that by fixing the breakage of people coming to the website and leaving. This is something we can scale up super duper quickly and is scaling really fast at high right now. I'm just giving you an example of where these businesses can go. And to redefine what I just said right there, that air example, our product over there, we don't charge for it upfront, especially not right now as we launch it because we know the thing works. So, as long as people go and put it on their site and set it up, they're going to see the result and then they're happy to pay for the result after. There's no reason when you're selling SAS to be billing upfront other than the need for cash flow, which we'll talk about here in a minute. Because if you deliver the result, all you have to do is just get the person to the damn result. Get the person to the point where you're making $5,000 extra dollars a month and then build them $1,000 a month. They will pay you $1,000 a month to keep that $5,000 every single time. There's no reason to charge up front. There will be here in a second. I'm going to show you. But when you're starting your business, what you want to do is you want to get them the result. And then once you've gotten them the result, then you start billing for it. So we're going to go and install this chat app up on the dentist site. And this is also going to give us our initial feedback when we're building our product and whatever we're doing. And we're going to install this on the person's website. And then we're going to go and build them after the result. Then what we're going to do is we're going to take that result and use that and advertise it to the next people we market to. We we do this for three dentists, three organic dentists, for example. And again, this could be any business model, restaurants, jiu-jitsu gyms. I like doing it to local businesses because you can niche down so far. Just picking a local business like HVAC and then do a specific type of HVAC. Find a roof repair business and then niche down the commercial roof repair. That would actually be the best ones to go after. The ones that have giant jobs that are 100 $200,000 because if you can just get them two more jobs a year, you can easily bill them 10 $20,000 per year for what you're doing for them. And those usually are just wide open because no one's thinking about those businesses or understands those businesses. Anyways, once we get this and do this for two to three businesses, we get the result, we start building them and then we use that result to close other businesses. You call people on the phone and then suddenly you have a bunch of results. So, for example, the way I originally grew Hyros is we got it on a bunch of info businesses because they have really hard times tracking their call bookings to their closes and their webinars. A person joins a webinar and then what happens is the person usually buys five, six days later. It's very hard for them to track. It's impossible to track on Facebook ads. What we did is we reached out to these businesses and said, "Hey, we'll plug this in. We'll set up for you. We'll show you the result." We did that all for free for them. They saw the result, then they couldn't live without it. Then they were willing to pay us for it. Then we took that result, reached out to bigger businesses. Repeated the process all the way up to famous brands. That's why we have like Tony Robs, Alexozi, basically anyone in the info niche on top of Hyros. That's why we have a lot of hotels and a lot of large SAS companies and software companies on Hyros because we're able to go and complete that tracking right there. And we took those results, we got those companies on, we got them to give testimonials, and that brings the same type of company on. So, we were going to use this kind of snowball effect over and over and over again. And the reason why this is going to do very very well is every single person you're talking to, you're going to set up for them. Now, when I going back to the whole do do things that can't scale, the reason why we're going to do this is because this is your major advantage when you're small. You're not trying to make $100 million a month. So, it's not like, for example, if you're building an AI as a service company like Harvey. Harvey is a LM wrapper, which people think is a bad thing right now. I think they're great. Uh, that wraps around chat GBT and whatever and helps lawyers do their jobs much quicker and efficiently. They make $150 million per month. But in order for them to do this, they have to make something that is turnkey where they can sell to lots of people without being there. Funny enough, Harvey only has like 500, 600 clients and it makes that amount of money from what I was what I was reading. So, they actually did this do not do things you that don't scale thing uh all the way to the moon. So, this can actually work all the way to the moon. At 500 customers at 150 million, you you pretty much get the chance to know every single one of your customers. Anyways, your big advantage right here is you're going to be working with these businesses almost onetoone and you're going to be custom fitting the software to them. You can add little widgets to it. You can custom design the software to it, especially with vibe coding, which I'll talk about here in a second. And you can also set it up for them and you can actually optimize the software around them. So, for example, at Hyros, if I want someone to come and set up their tracking for themselves and start making more money from their ads, if if they're going to do it on their own, the setup rate is going to be very low because the person isn't going to make the effort. If we have the person come on and we just do it all for them, which we do at Hyros, then the person automatically guaranteed makes that amount of money. Once they make that money, we can start billing from that money. And so, that's the huge advantage you're going to have early on because you can do that 10 times more. We have to have like a huge success team, like a a well-round army of customer support agents that do that hire. So, you can just do this one-on-one for each of your customers and know every one of your customers and keep every single one of your customers, making it more like a service or an agency business you're running, but you have a unique product instead of something like ads or SEO that everybody else is selling. So, this is our huge advantage right here. Now, before we continue, I tell you're thinking about how do I learn to make these apps? How do I do this? So, there's two ways you go about building these apps. The one way I would suggest if you get started is you just hire a firm. There are tons of firms out there that just have a CTO in a box. You have a person that has his own team of developers. You pay them money. They can create an app. I've built so many apps for 20 to $30,000 that cash flowed almost immediately building with this type of style. You just hire and pay someone else to build it for you. Now, if you're just getting started, you probably don't have 20 to $30,000 laying around to do this. I'm just saying when you if you've raised money or you're already an entrepreneur, this is just the way to go. You don't need to be learning code or vibe coding. You have money laying around, just do this. Just hire a firm to do it. Then once you get to 50, 100,000 a month, whatever you're doing from your software company, then hire a CTO. Start building your own team or find a way to get more tightly knit with the firm. So number two, if you're completely strapped, here's what you do. Go learn the code and then take that over to vibe coding. You're probably rolling your eyes right now and I just want to being straight with you. One, code is not hard to learn. For example, in 60 days, I was able to learn how to become a fairly competent junior to mid-level video game developer. I can go and develop entire video games, full menus, UIs, full stack video games, and I learned how to do that in about 60 days. Am I like world class going to be working at Blizzard kind of developer? No. But I can 100% go build a video game from scratch, vibe code it all the way to an MVP and make a video game. This was before vibe coding existed. I learned how to do that in 60 days just sitting at my computer for like five, six hours a day learning how to code. You can totally get to the point where you can make MVPs and small products for companies just from your house without any investment. And this is the besting skill set you can ever do because one, you're going to want to know coding to extent so you can bug fix and understand what the vibe coding is doing. Two, all of coding is being replaced by AI coding. So once you understand and have these two skill sets together, you have something that allows you to make unlimited proc swings. You can just line up, make a software, doesn't work, okay, cool. You make another software in a week, doesn't work, nah, whatever. You make another software a week and you just have endless bats to go and make software. This is amazing because you can just go and make software from scratch and you have a unique product every single time versus hopping into niches that everybody else on planet Earth is hopping into. I know going and learning JavaScript and learning the vibe code might seem like that's the hard way to go about starting to make a business. You couldn't be more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrong. What is very hard is going and making a YouTube channel or an e-commerce drop shipping store or one of these other businesses that everybody's telling you that's easy to get into that has thousands and thousands and thousands of competitors entering every single day. If you are making little apps for organic dentist, it's you and one other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in Wyoming competing against you. There's no one else to get into it with you and you can learn how to be pretty competent at probably 90 days, which is incredible for a business that is selling a unique product that is going to give you such an easier time selling than any of those businesses I described. If you go and get in those other businesses, you have about a year of just competency, study, and practice to even get to the point where you're making money with those things. Nobody goes and starts these little YouTube influencer businesses is making any level amount of money until their first one year to two years in where they're in the top 10% of people. You can get in the top 10% of what you're doing right here because your niches are so minute that there's nobody else in there. You just literally enter the niche and you have an app, you're in the top 1% because you're the only person doing it. That's why I think this is way easier. So, what I would suggest is you go and learn basic SAS development and JavaScript. Go learn how to build an Instagram. Go learn how to build a basic booking app from scratch. It's going to take a little bit of time. You're going to have to learn some code. But the worst case scenario is you have a skill set where you can then go work for 15 $20,000 a month coding up software for businesses at a business. Now again, you're not going to be a world-class developer, but if you just keep trying it, you have a skill set that scales and gets you paid and gives you a permanent job for the rest of your life. There's no lose-lose with learning code. There is massive lose- lose to going and starting a YouTube channel or some info business and it doesn't work out. There is massive huge loss if you go build some e-commerce businesses and it doesn't work out. There is no loss if you learn code. There is none. You worst case scenario, you can get a really good job. So, it's not particularly hard to learn. And with vibe coding, it's getting easier and easier and easier. I would say in about two years time I don't think vibe coding is going to be able to replace coding things like hyros but when it comes to building MVPs and lower level software 100% especially custom 101 software for businesses which is what we're doing here the goal is to get to the bill the place where we can build little MVP softwares for businesses. So what is an MVP? This is a minimal viable product. This is the bare bones minimum of a product to work. You don't even have to actually make it work. If you can just show a business something like an idea like and you can simulate how it works. I don't even care. Let's say we put that little chat bot on organic dentist site. You show it to them and then you simulate and you just type the responses on their side. Do not sell this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not saying [laughter] scam people's business and work as a little uh Fiverr support rep posing as an AI for these. Don't do that. I'm saying if you can simulate how it's going to work and they go, "Oh, wow. That's really cool." And then they say, "That's that's neat." And you say, "Okay, I can build that for you. it's going to be x amount of dollars and then you actually build the thing. That's the good place you want to be at. We can go and build MVPs like this with a little bit of JavaScript skill as long as you can read and understand look at JavaScript which is not take a lot of time to do. Okay, again I've learned to write very complicated JavaScript in entire video games in just two months time. You can go in building software is is not that hard. There's you don't even have to deal with physics or all the weirdass bugs that happen in games. So, if you know a little bit of JavaScript and then you understand it enough to go vibe code to the point where you can actually edit your vibe code, what a lot of vibe coders are doing right now is they go and vibe code something out and claw it and cursor and then they can't go and fix bugs in it. That's not going to work. But with claw and cursor and a few other full stack things, you can easily go and create your own apps easily. And then the cool thing with this is when you make the little custom MVP for the person, one, you can make it very quickly for them. And then two, you can bolt on stuff with vibe coding. So if they want a little extra feature, they want to do this vibe code that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out on the weekend. done. Now you have this little custom feature for them. Now here is where it starts to get really nasty and fun when we're selling to these businesses because you're doing it one to one and this is what's going to give you a huge edge that's going to allow you to start up and start making money faster on their businesses is we're not trying again to go and do build something that's going to scale to a million a month right now. That requires raising money, hiring developers, being really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serious about what you're doing. We want to make something that's going to make us 20 to 50k a month. And we want to cash flow it very very quickly. So what we're doing is because we're selling it one to one, you can say, "Look, after you get your first few results, say, "Look, I'm going to be custom adding things to the software for you. I'm going to set it up for you. I'm going to manage this so your business gets results." And what we're doing right here is basically guaranteeing results. I don't I feel stupid having to say this, but guaranteeing results is the best way to make sure you get customers. So, for example, when I first launched Hyros and still to this day, we basically said to our customers, hey, like big giant customers, the biggest names in infoarket, the biggest names in like hotels, SAS, and stuff like that. We say, hey, hey, we're going to go set this up fully for you and you're going to pay upfront for it because we're going to give you top tier support, all this kind of stuff, and you pay 10 months, 12 months advance because we're going to assign a full team to you, custom fit it to you, all this kind of stuff. This allows us to make money upfront. But the other flip side of that is is we also guarantee that hey if your ads don't scale another 15 10 percent you don't find 10 15% waste inside of your ads right now that allows you to save 50 100,000 a month we will not hold any of the money we will give it right back to you. We have a endless refund guarantee. You do not see results. You don't pay for it. So what you're going to do is the same exact thing. This is how we built Hyros from scratch. We'd reach out to businesses. We'd guarantee results. we'd have them pay upfront because we guarantee and we're assigning a huge team to them. This allowed us to then, for example, if it's a $500 per month uh contract, they would then pay us $5,000 upfront. This gives us a ton of money to work with. So, if all we had to do is close 20 customers a month and we were making 100k a month and our bills were about 100k a month when we were starting off, yours will be nowhere near that. Okay? But we easily were able to break even and start stealing the company using this method. You on the other hand will not have bills because you'll be the solo developer or have a very small team that's easy to pay for doing this. And so you're going to say, "Look, I'm going to custom suit this all for you. I'm going to do it all for you. All I require is that you pay annually upfront. This is going to allow me to fund the things that are going to allow us to custom fit this to your business. If for some reason this doesn't work out, you will have the all refund guaranteed. I have a no time limit guarantee. If you do not see results from this, you don't pay for it." Okay? And it's not one of these little internet marketers where like if you see results that I think are results, I'm going to keep your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That you could see that most internet marketers, that's the refund guarantee. It's kind of you see a lot of them getting in trouble on YouTube right now. I'm just going to give you one piece of advice from an entrepreneur that's been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for a long time. If you build a business based around keeping people's money who do not want you to keep their money, eventually those people are going to stack up and they're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. They're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you hard. And really, I'm going to give you the other biggest secret here in in business. The biggest secret in all business, the best way to make tons of money is if you get a customer, the customer buys from you for years. They come back, they buy more. I don't care if you're selling socks. I don't care if you're selling software. I don't care if you're selling hotel rooms. If your customer comes, doesn't like it, and then doesn't buy again, you don't have a business. If your customer comes in the hotel room, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right, there goes all the viewers on this video. If your customer if your customer comes and then buys again, you have a business that can scale to the moon. It is the ultimate secret. If you don't have that, it's so hard to grow a business. So, what you want to focus on is just give crazy refund guarantees because it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter unless the customer comes and buys again. So, you might as well just guarantee it because you need to get that result. If you don't get the result, you don't have a business that's going to last long term. And the reason why you see so many people and beginners have businesses that struggle is because they don't deliver the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] result. If you deliver a result, if you give someone $5 and they pay you $1, you will have that person paying you $1 for life. So look, again, the way we're going to cash flow very easily is we're going to offer at first we want to do this for free for businesses. So they sign up and it's very easy to sell because it's custom fitted to them and it's free. But then what we're going to do is we're going to start charging up front. So let's say you have this dentist office and if you go and put your little chatbot on them, they're going to make an extra 50k this year. All right, an extra, I don't know, $5,000 a month. Let's just pretend uh a month, a year has 10 months, okay? Just for easy multiplication. And so from this, you're easily going to be able to build them 10% of what you make them, 5K. All right? And so let's say your service is $500 per month. So you're going to say, look, hey, I'm I I need the funding for this to actually build the software and get it going. You're going to have custom one support. It's going to be $5,000 upfront for me to build out this entire thing for you, manage it, and optimize it for you. So does that sound fair? They're going to say yes. And then you just guarantee it. It's going to be a very easy sale. This is going to allow you to get cash flow because if you just get four dentists a month, you're making 20K a month. This is easily covering your cost to hire a developer or develop this yourself. Hell, you could even just buy code the thing, get an MVP out and say, "I will develop this entire thing for you for $5,000 up front." Hell, you go find another business. You can get businesses to pay you 20K up front for stuff like this in the same exact model I'm giving you. That's just a little intimidating. I think $5,000, $3,000 upfront is a little bit more understandable. Now, $3,000, $5,000 upfront sounds like a lot of money and kind of like hard to sell. Yeah. If we're selling some wing-ding internet marketing mastermind or some self-s served product, yes, it is. But if we're offering to basically be someone's employee and build a software and manage it for them, no, it's not. Now, what I just stated right here, becoming someone's basically an employee for them and building a software for them and customizing and managing it for them so they get results, is that scalable? No. You're not going to get to a million dollars a month doing that. Is it scalable to 50,000 a month? Hell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah. Because once you set up these customers, you really don't have to do much for them. You're basically running a software agency. Once you get to the point where you're making 1,500K a month, that's when we flip it over and you start selling it to businesses self-s serve. You give you show them that you have 50 clients that are getting really good results with your software. And then what you do is you say you sign up, there's an instruction manual to set it up or you sell it to an agency, whoever is going to set up for them, and they self-s serve. And then you start having the situation where you have if you go sign up for Slack for example, you don't talk to anybody. You sign up, you start using it. Salesforce, HubSpot, same experience. Then you start having that experience as you scale. You're not going to do this all the way to a million dollar a month. But you can do it to 50k a month. This is the point where you then have 50,000 a month rolling in, 100,000 a month rolling in, and you can actually start hiring developers and scaling up the company. Now, I'm just going to give you a few little more tidbits because what I just gave you right here, I don't care if you're a veteran or a beginner. This is the best way to start a SAS business. And starting a SAS business the right way is essential. For example, I made a software company before Hyros called Market Hero. We got to about 400,000 a month. We launched it about the same time Clavio did. Clavio is a 7 billion business. Market Hero is dead. It doesn't exist anymore. The company's closed. Why? Because we started market hero the wrong way. We tried to make an email autoresponder was based around all customers. And what we then did is we made it very cheap to get into. Basically, if you look at Mailchimp prices, it's very easy to go into Mailchimp. So, what we had is a is a business model that was not unique to customers and didn't allow us to cash flow very quickly. So, we couldn't make it was just it was just pain and needles scaling that thing uh against these other companies because it was super saturated. We couldn't make a lot of money up front and it wasn't nailed down to a niche. So, we weren't the best solution for everybody. All Clavio did was do the exact same thing we did, but made it just for Shopify stores. And Shopify wasn't the behemoth that it is now, but it just said, "We think e-commerce is going to be really big, so we're only going to work for these specific types of customers." Because of that, they could bill up front. They could custom things to these e-commerce stores. They could do all the things that I just talked about right here. And then they scaled that thing to $7 billion valuation. Okay, I wish I could go back in time and be way more smart and use the process I showed you right here about finding specific business models and then niching up. So, for example, I don't think Clavio did this, but the way they could have started even smaller was like only doing it for snowboard shops, which is how Shopify actually got started, but they could only do it for snowboard shops or very specific types of cosmetic shops and Shopify. And you, it's so important that you start a business like this and you start at different points based on the amount of money you have. If you're an entrepreneur right now, for example, when I started Hyros, I had hundreds of thousands of dollars coming in from my uh SEO businesses and my info businesses that allow me to go and fund Hyros. But when I was going and making my first softwares, what I'd use is this exact niche model right here. I made little niche SEO softwares for SEO agencies and I would start them and I'd hire little firms to build them. I'd spend about $30,000. They instantly got to about $30 $50,000 a month. I repeated that over and over again. So, there's two directions that you want to go here if you're starting these types of businesses. But the thing I'm emphasizing first is starting them the right way and knowing where to start at and starting with that MVP and that self-s serve system. Because at my SEO businesses, the big problem I ran into was I tried to do the whole self-s serve and because of that, there was just crazy amounts of churn in the software because they weren't very good. They weren't customized to the customer and I didn't spend a lot of time with the customer. That's not how you want to build these businesses. What you want to do is you want to start onetoone with the customer and then start scaling the customer and never lose customers. That's the best way to grow the businesses. And you want to do this by offering a product that's super unique to them that only fits them and is customized for them and you're doing a lot of things that don't scale at first. That's the best way to start these businesses out. Now, based on where your cash flow is, you either want to start by learning code and vibe coding. If you have a job right now, fine. That's whatever. It's like I I don't think having a job is a bad thing. It's a great way to fund your business safely while you're starting it. Go learn JavaScript. Go learn to vibe code. Go learn how basic stacks of software work. I don't know if you're going to need to learn HTML and CSS and all the parts of a stack like you used to, but you definitely need to know how they all plug together. Just go do that and start trying to vibe code little apps. Take the money you're making from your job and do that. That's the best way to get started right there. If you have a little bit of money coming in, you want to hire a firm to do it for you. If you vibe code apps and you get the 30 50,000 a month, you want to start hiring developers because you have so many other things to be doing as a CEO other than making code. Okay, it's just not where you want to be doing that. It if I made code at Hyros, it would limit my efficiency at the company infinitely. I need other people doing that. And then once you get your little software, the 30 to 50k a month, you have two options on what you want to do. Do you want to scale the business to the moon or do you just want to make more cash flow? I'm going to tell you a little secret right now. The more money you make and the more higher your goals are in SAS, the harder it is to cash flow. So, it's easier actually to make 50 30,000 a month profit from a little micro SAS company than it is from a million dollar per month goal company. Why? Because when you get in the big boy SAS, what's going to happen is you're dealing with other companies that want to make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money. And when you get in the big boy SAS, the goal is not actually cash flow, it's valuations. So for example, Gamma is a company that uh launched in the last two years. Now they're a profitable business, but if you look at most companies have gone from 0 to 100 million recently, they don't make any money. They're in the red actually, but they're valued at like 57 billion. And so where the founders and everyone is making money is in the valuations and eventually taking the company public. You get the company, you get to a huge $2 billion valuation, you go public, suddenly you have $2 billion in stock. Okay? So that's how they make their money. That's how they're making money. And so as you scale the business up, what's going to happen is you run into these type of businesses that aren't trying to make money at all. And that means they can out compete you because the way they grow is by spending tons of money to get tons of customers and grow very quickly. We don't want to do that if we're looking for cash flow right now. If you're trying to make 30 50,000 a month income, what you want to do is you make these little micro sasses that are super niche down and then you make another one and then you make another one and then you have little teams manage each of these and you have little sales systems for these. As soon as you start scaling any of these, big businesses will notice once you get the 200 400k a month or something like that, they're going to notice they're going to clone it and they're not going to try and make cash flow. And so that makes it kind of hard actually. So a really good example of this that was really good for cash flow is when I had my original business, Source Wave, we made little SEO softwares and they never really got past 50,000 a month. That's fine because I had like eight of them, okay? And they all did little micro things really well. And like I said before, they were kind of little shitty dinky softwares, but they did their little micro things well enough to keep the customers. I could keep getting customers and running people through them and allowing myself to cash flows while I was filling my big boy business. Now, hires right now is actually really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] profitable. But that's we've been doing it for a few years and we're really good at what we do. But you just have to understand that kind of relationship in SAS. Don't try and take your little micro SAS to a million dollars per month if you're more so focused on cash flowing right now. maybe get to 200,000 a month cash flow and then build your big boy SAS from everything you've learned. That's my advice on that front. So, this right here, in my opinion, is everything you need to go and build a SAS company from start to finish. If you're a veteran or a beginner, this is the best way to start companies up based on where you are and based on your cash flow. I don't think there's a better method on earth right now that's more accessible due the vibe coding and how easy it is to learn code overall that is so isolated from competition. Like I said before, the problem with almost every other beginner business model is it's for beginners and everybody can get into it. You don't want that. You want a little bit of a moat or a separator between you and everybody else that allows you to just have yourself and these organic dentist or whatever your niche down to all to sell to. That's going to be your huge edge. And there's no other business model out there like that that really has that level of moat and ease with such little upfront investment. Again, your investment can literally be just learning JavaScript and learning how to vibe code, which you can do in a couple months. I know a couple months to start your business and make money seem like, but trust me, it's better than spending years dancing in front of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] YouTube or trying to become a Tik Tok influencer to sell your looking or your your whatever fitness program or protein powder. All that stuff comes you don't even make money for like years doing it. It's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. This is this is better in my opinion. So, that's the video. If you like these videos, like and subscribe and uh leave a comment and I might make more.

================================================================================
TITLE: Injecting This Daily Made Me A 200 IQ God
VIDEO ID: YC9_Sga5F2M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC9_Sga5F2M
================================================================================

Give me that stack. Tell me about that stack, bro. I need to know your stack. Over the past decade online, I've built a net worth north of $200 million. And the number one question people ask me is not, Alex, how'd you build your businesses? What's your business strategy? Tell me about hiring or something like that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Number one question is, give me back that stack, bro. That stack, bro. What stack are you putting in your body? Yes. The number one question is my biohacking routine. What is the supplements I'm taking? What is the peptide and injection stack I'm taking? What am I putting in my body to achieve the IQ and wisdom of the turtle from Kung Fu Panda? But the mental acuity of Plankton from Spongebob Squarepants. And in this video, I'm just going to give you the answer. Just roids. Just straight TRT. Just put in a needle, put it in your body, inject it in your I'm just kidding. My stack actually involves zero steroids, which you wouldn't be able to tell by these. That said, in this video, I'm going to give you my full biohacking stack. And this is a special stack because I'm actually the original Brian Johnson. Yes. Before he ever got inside a hyperaric chamber or learned about red light therapy. I've been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] since I was like 25 for 10 years. And in this time frame, I don't think I'm quite as optimized as uh good old BJ. But I have achieved a peptide stack, a biohacking routine, a diet, a skincare routine that has given me some pretty damn good results. My net worth is also extremely high. But I've also maintained a six-pack since I was about 27. I am 37 now, closer to 38. I am able to wake up at 2 am every single day and keep focus, energy, motivation, all that kind of stuff. I'm able to do jujitsu five times a week as an old man, which I'm not doing right now, but I've done it before and been just fine. It's allowed me to not age like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and keep decent skin despite being an absolute wild weekend drunk most of my life. I should look like a potato that's been left out in the sun by now. But I do not because I got the biohacking routine. I got the the stuck that's going to get you the results. And what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to give you my entire day, mostly focused on the biohacking and the stuff I'm injecting and putting in my body to maintain as close as possible peak mental fitness, keep my body good, give myself energy, and not be dragged down by being old and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And in my opinion, this has helped me a lot in business because I have a clear mind. I have a ton of energy, a lot of motivation, and uh you know, those things are pretty good if you're trying to make money because if you feel like soggy ass, it's it's more difficult to make money. That's the lesson for the day. If you inject your eyeballs with steroids, it's easier to make money than uh being a soggy old piece of ass. So, let's begin. So, in a second, I'm going to give you my entire vitamin stack, my entire daily routine, how I do everything. I just want to give you my two cents on this whole morning routine, biohacking health thing, because everybody has wide ranging stuff. Brian Johnson is going to tell you to spend six hours a day taking care of your body. Alexi, my buddy, is going to tell you just wake up, pound some coffee, take some nicotine, walk over to your computer, get to work. Where is the in between? Where is the benefit? Who's correct here? So, look, if you're a person who's looking to completely optimize who you are, I'm going to tell you how to do it in this video because it's been a massive focus of mine since I was 25. It's been like my side hobby. I've been doing this for a long time. It's very important to me that I wake up and I'm primed 247. Because of that, I can give you an accurate two cents on this. Look, at the end of the day, the thing that's going to get you the most results is what Alex Heroszi is saying. Get to your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] computer, take some coffee, pound some nicotine, get to work. That being said, it is also very important to me to age well and to feel good most of the time and not feel like soggy ass when I'm working. In my opinion, I have pretty weak mental willpower. If I feel a little bit off, I'm not going to be at my peak and I'm a giant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So that's just not going to correlate to my business very well. And I think there's a lot more aspects to life than just doing well in business. I think there's also how you feel. And I think there's living for a long time. And one of my goals is to live to 120 150 plus. I think we're going to see 300 year lifetimes in our lifespan. But that's a whole other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] subject. And so when it comes down to your morning routine and the things you do every single day, can you get absolutely soul crushing amazing results doing absolutely nothing? Yes. I think waking up and having a routine that makes you feel good and keeps your body in peak prime, it makes everything a lot easier, though. It's not going to unlock the moon and the stars for you, and frankly, you should get the first part right. But nailing the basis of what I'm going to tell you here will allow you to feel so much better and work so much better, put on muscle so much better, and stay prime despite having some really bad vices. For example, I've been a mega caffeine addict and a wild drunk most of my life. So, I've been able to overcome a lot of nasty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I've done, including having a terrible diet by completely overriding it with some of the biohacking nonsense I'm going to show you in this video. I don't really do that stuff anymore. But imagine being able to pick up chicks while covered in your own feces. That's that's basically what I've able to get away with, while able to get the result, but have your cake, too. And I don't know if having your cake means covering yourself in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like a gorilla, but let's get into this. Here's where we go. So, look, I'm going to start off from the entire day. And yes, for the people that did come for the thumbnail and the clicky clicky injection stuff, I do inject a lot of stuff in my body. I take like 10 injections a day, it's kind of weird, but it's highly effective. So, we'll get into that, but I want to break down the entire day to you because so much goes into optimizing your brain and everything beyond just injecting roids directly into your ass. So, here's how we start the day. Every single day, I'm going to get up at 2 a.m. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to hop and take a cold shower. If you've watched a two-hour hubman video on it, you know that cold showers are very productive. You don't actually need to watch a two-hour [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video to know that if you hop in a cold shower, it will wake you up and get you get you a little bit pumped up for the day. That that's the lesson right there. No Hooverman video needed. Just get in aing cold shower. It will wake you up. It gets all your dopamine and everything flowing. It's a hard thing to initially start your day. It's great. Take a cold shower. You don't need to take the Wimhof method and do three hours of research to understand that getting in cold water is going to help boost you at the start of the day. Then immediately what I'm going to do is hop into my skincare routine. Now I know you're going to sit there and be like, [laughter] "What a beta cookie has a skincare routine." Yes, you will look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by the time you're 40 if you do not do take care of your skin. If you get on videos, you try to pick up hot babes. You need to take care of your skin. I'm sorry. It's not going to go well. I'm not saying I have the best skin on earth, but I don't have any big wrinkles or any big crazy stuff on my face despite being a raging drunk. And trust me, I have a lot of friends that did all the same stuff I did. They It's not going well. Okay, so look, I know it's a little gay. I know it's a little feminine. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. You don't want to look like a rugged potato next to your babe of a wife when you make tons of money. Okay, so skin routine is very simple. It's going to be stac out over the next 30 minutes or so so it all absorbs. I would not advise going and getting in the skincare routines and everything first off right now if you suck at everything else. It's not that important. But you want to put toner on after cleansing. Then you put some polish choice on. This is going to close up your pores and everything after you've cleansed and everything from the night before, which is a whole other skincare routine. Then you're going to put a vitamin C serum on. It's going to heal a lot of I'm not going to break down everything is walking right here. This is works. I've done lots of research on it. You can take it or leave it. Put on a vitamin C serum. Then you put on some good eye cream, some good moisturizer. Then you put on sunscreen. This is going to stop your skin from turning into a moldy potato as you age and overcome all sorts of bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you've probably done. So do it. I will put all the products in my upcoming supplement list. I'm going to release on here in our community tab. You have to be subscribed if you want to see the post though. So, you should go below and subscribe right now. You're not going to see that when I post in the community tab later this week. It will be in my entire list of supplements and everything right there. That's the order of what you want to do in the morning for skincare. You don't need expensive skincare. Now, this takes about 5 to 10 minutes. It's not like we have a 2-hour morning routine. But immediately after I do that, what I'm going to do is I'm going to do a quick 3 minute to five minute HIT workout. This just gets the blood pumping, gets the adrenaline going, gets the dopamine, wakes up your body. Again, we can go into all the scientific Herman workout research scientific. This improves your dopamine receptor. No, dude. Getting on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] treadmill and sprinting for 3 minutes wakes you the up in the morning. It's useful. The end. Next, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a giant mega dose of creatine because it just helps with being alert and awake. It's going to give you a lot of uh energy. Taking 10 grams, 15 grams of stuff. It works really well and frankly I don't sleep that great. This is going to be a biohacking video where I'm like, "Hey, I only sleep like five, six hours a night. Sue me." So, it also helps with a little bit of energy in that regard. So, then immediately what I'm going to do is going to hop into the injections. I'm going to inject NAD+. This is a really good anti-ager. Helps with energy. I'm going to inject some B12 three times a week. A full red little syringe of it. Straight into the thigh. Helps with energy and energy levels. A peptide that I will take is tzamorin. This is going to be something that helps boost your growth hormone things really good for anti-aging and whatnot. Now, people are going to be wondering, Alex, are you on TRT or whatnot? I don't think TRT is really the question right here. I will be transparent with you. When I'm doing jiujitsu and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] five times a week, this is something that a 37 38 year old man should not be doing. When I was doing that in the past, yes, I'd be on TRT because frankly, and you need every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advantage you can get. Okay, but my point right here is that you should be getting your testosterone levels around 800 to 900, 1,000 if you want to be extra saucy. It doesn't matter how you do this. If you're being healthy, look, if you are super healthy, you're doing everything right, you're sleeping, and your testosterone levels are at five, you probably need to get on TRT. If not, you testosterone levels will probably get up there. I've known plenty of people, including myself, who've gone to 800, 900 without being on TRT. If you're a young man and you're getting on TRT, that's just goofy. Okay? Like, try sleeping and not living on chili hot Cheetos for a week, maybe you'll see some good results there. I don't think if you're under 30, you should be considering TRT. I don't think if you're under 35, you should be considering TRT. Those are the situations in which I'm going to take it, which is when I'm trying to have a midlife crisis and pursue an athletic career and adult bathrobe ground croy. Uh, that's that's when I'm going to be taking it. So, that's the context of that. on GH boosters like tessimorin and peptides. I don't really think you need those unless you're really trying to again do something beyond your age, which is getting super duper fit as you're older. These things are fine. I don't think they're super required. They're neat. They're not going to be something that's going to drive you to the next level of anything. It does give you a bit more energy. You do put on muscle a little bit better. They're useful, but it's not super required. It's also expensive, so it's like the last thing you need to be buying. Then at this point, I'm going to hop in front of a red light therapy machine for 10 minutes. These are pretty common. helpful with skin, helpful of energy, all sorts of benefits and hoopla. Everybody that biohacks does it. You should probably do it, too. So, then that wraps up the morning hoopla of what we're going to do. The next thing I'm immediately going to do is I'm going to pound about 400 milligrams of caffeine via coffee. And about three times a week, I'm going to take a little 2 milligram dose of nicotine from gum. And I'm usually going to take those before I shoot videos because it helps with creativity and letting the the words flow off your tongue. Before I shot this video, I took some nicotine. For all the people that always accuse me of doing cocaine before doing videos, no, I would never do that. I just do nicotine instead. It's It's way better than cocaine. Way way clearer, way better energy boost. So, I'm going to do some nicotine. I know a lot of people do nicotine every single day before work. I don't want that cuz the last thing I want is another addiction in my life. I'm already addicted to coffee. I already like drinking a little bit too much. I avoid alcohol these days, but trust me, I still thoroughly enjoy going to the bar and d and pounding 10 oldfashions. It's it's a great time. I don't do that anymore, but trust me, the desire is there. The last thing I want is another one of those little pickles in my life in the form of nicotine. I don't want that monkey on my back. So, I keep it very sparingly with that. Now, the very important part of all this is you shouldn't eat in the morning. If you want to eat in the morning and you don't like this advice, go do it. I know other people are like, "Well, I got to have my eggs or my little biscuit." All right, fine. go eat your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] biscuit. But when you eat, your digestion takes away energy from the rest of your body and that's going to slow you down. So if you on all sorts of uppers like I am, you're not going to be very hungry. So you should just not eat. You're going to be much faster, much more efficient. So at this point in time from about it depends when I get up. Whether it's 1:00 a.m., 2 am, it just depends when I get up. I'm going to work for about three or four hours. This is going to be my silent focused work for the day. I can get lots of the creative work content done, designing hyros, the product. I do all the product design for that. A lot of the copywriting, web design, stuff that I can do on my own that requires creative thinking, running of ads, and setting up stuff like that. That's what I'm going to get all that done in the first three to four hours. I truly believe if you sit down and don't talk to buddy and you just work in those three to four hours without any distractions, you're going to get more done than most people get done in a week in those three to four hours. And you could literally almost pull off working three to four hours a day if you just nail that time period. I'm trying to become a billionaire, so I have to work a little bit more than that. But I'm pretty confident I could keep up my income right now and stay where I'm at right now, just working three to four hours a day tops. That being said, that's my thoughts on that. Now, after that 3 to four hours, what I'm then going to do is I'm going to go hit the gym and lift. I got my own gym in my place, and I just go in there and lift about three to four times per week. I used to do a full body workout every single day. Um, it depends how aggressive you want to be with your workout routine. I think you get really good results three to four times per week. About four times per week doing a full body workout four times per week. I'm not here to give fitness [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advice. I'm not the world's greatest muscle builder fitness dude. I have managed to keep a six-pack and stay Tyler Duran Fight Club ripped for almost a decade now. That's my goal. I'm not trying to get giant jacked gym bro. I'm trying to look like Tyler Deran from Fight Club. That's that's basically my goal. And I've achieved that for almost a decade. And that's the kind of routine that I've used to get there. while mixing that with fasting and some smart forms of dieting that I'll I'll talk about here in a second. Now, if I'm not lifting, I'm probably going to go on uh I'm going to hop on the treadmill and walk for 30 to 45 minutes while watching a podcast or something like that. Uh get that walking. That helps with the calories and helps when you eat throughout the rest of the day to uh make it so it's not that easy to overeat and put on weight because I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pig and I like to eat a lot of food. So, I'm not even getting into the diet right now. That's a whole other that's a whole other thing. So, at that point, one thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go and then I'm going to eat and I'm going to watch CEO interviews, podcasts, stuff like that. That's the best way I learn. I primarily watch interviews from SAS and tech founders. I don't watch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcasts talking about the purpose of life and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. I like going and looking at things that I'm doing in my work that apply to my tech company and I look at other tech company founders and what they did when they're in a similar spot. That's why I like to learn and I so I do that for about an hour at this point while cooking and eating. I know a lot of people are like, "Don't cook your food and whatnot and whatever." Yeah, you probably shouldn't, but I find if I'm watching these things while cooking and eating, uh, that gets it done. Then what I do is I take a nap, probably one hour to two hours. This is how I get a total of about six hours of sleep per day. I kind of break up the sleeping into two parts, kind of two shifts of the day. One thing that I do that I don't currently do, because I don't have it installed in my house, it's being installed right now. I had it at my old place, is I would go and take my nap in a hyperaric chamber. It's going to be an hour and a half to two hour nap. I just go sleep in there. If you've seen Brian Johnson's results in there, it's probably the best anti-aging, best slowing of aging, best overall health thing you can do. And so I do that every single day. I'm just going to eat. It makes me a little bit sleepy. Go sleep in the chamber for an hour to two hours. Get that two hours of sleep. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to wake back up and go to the second part of the day. I'm going to drink some more coffee and I'm going to get back to work and do my second 3 to four hour work shift. Just focused work and get it done. I've already kind of digested all the food. I got some more coffee in me. There we go. Then at this point, I'm gonna do my second workout of the day. I'm going to go run for about 30 to 40 minutes. Zone two cardio. Nothing too crazy. I'm not trying to overwhelm my body because then you're going to sleep bad and you're going to be tired all the time. If you're working out twice a day, you don't want to be doing two like excessive workouts per day. When I was doing lifting and also doing jiu-jitsu every single day, I had to be on TRT and like Tesmorlin and keeping everything refined and I was just zonked the entire time. That's overtraining. You're not going to do well. You're going to be not sleeping. your cortisol levels are going to be off the charts. So, you just want to do some light running. And I do that, burn some calories, get the heart rate, basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Then, I'm going to hop into the sauna at about 180 and I'm going to do that for about 20 minutes. Just sweat out all the gunk, get fresh, take another cold shower, go do all my kind of cleanup work and light work for the rest of the day. That's going to be talking to people. That's going to be doing anything that's not been done for the day. That's going to be planning the next day. Then I'm going to go eat again. And that's what I'm going to take my giant 8000 pill supplement stack right there. So look, instead of breaking every single one of these down, I'm just going to put the list on the screen right now. Uh my my overall supplement stack is pretty much a combination of Brian Jinson and Simland. That's pretty much it. There's a few things I've thrown in there, but you can pretty much go and my advice when it comes to supplement stacks instead of telling you and walking you through every single one on here. I will be giving a link directly to this file here in about a week. I'm just editing and updating it and I'll post it in the community tab. You you have to be a subscriber. You won't see this post, but I'll post in the community tab here a little bit later this week. You can go there. You can just look at the file and copy it if you want. My best advice for supplement stacks is this. Start with Simland's essential vitamins list. He has just has a he has a big old PDF file. You can go to hising site and it will just give you all the essentials right here. He's really good at supplements and picking the best ones. That's the overunder of what's just going to get you the results you're looking for when it comes to supplements. Then if you want to start going and adding to that, what you should not do until you've mastered that little supplement list right there is then you can kind of go branch out into Brian Johnson's list. He's really good at actual resultbased supplement taking. There is other people out there who are buyer hackers that have their supplement list or whatever. My logic is when you've gotten the Simland list down and you've gotten the Brian Johnson list down, you pretty much are putting enough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your body to to heal a horse and make it live to be a thousand years old. You do you really need anything else other than that? You're good. You're all right. You're you're getting there. And so I'm probably taking I don't even know how many pills are not every single day. It's a lot, but you know, I find it kind of fun. So that's what I do. So, at this point, the day's sort of pretty much done. What I'm going to do is I'm going to meditate. I'm going to then probably hang out with my wife for three to four hours. Just do really nothing with her. Uh, that's that's just hang out. It's nice. I don't know if that's biohacking, but you should enjoy hanging out with your wife. That's a default you should look for in your relationship. Then, I'm going to take my nighttime stack, which is basically going to be magnesium glycine. There's all sorts of other stuff you can throw in there for sleep. I just don't find it works very well. Then I'm going to do the nighttime skin routine, which is basically just short of washing your face, putting on toner again, using retinol, and then reapplying moisturizer. There's all sorts of other cool little gizmo things you can do, but that's going to get you 90% of the oomph. Then I'm going to throw on some red light glasses, red light blockers or blue light glass blockers, you know, the things that everybody wears before they go to bed. Put those on, watch some TV, hang out. I know you shouldn't watch TV be before bed, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I like it. And that is the whole entire routine. That is everything I do in a day to keep my mind where it is. That's my entire schedule and everything I do. Cool. All right. So, yeah, that's everything I do. If you want that supplement list, it's on the screen in the middle of this video. You can just go copy it from there. I will leave a link to that and all the skincare products and everything. They will not be affiliate links cuz like I'm not even go through the process of collecting all those pennies from the affiliate links. You just honest recommendations. Most of the stuff I use is extremely affordable stuff because it just works better than the expensive stuff. I'll link to that, but you need to be subscribed or you will not see it in my community post tab, which you can get to by going to the homepage of my channel and then you should see a communities tab. You click over there, that's where the links will be at. But you need to be subscribed because I said it's the only subscribers see that post because if you're not subscribed, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I don't like you. So, um, that's the video. Have a good day.

================================================================================
TITLE: This is why becoming rich will ruin your life
VIDEO ID: 297RsRWOfIQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=297RsRWOfIQ
================================================================================

So look little buddy. If you have any ambition to become successful or you're already successful, I beg you, please give me 10 minutes to watch this video because I am going to save you decades of depression, decades of problems. Look, one of the best ways to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your life is to become rich. I can tell you this because I've built a net worth north of $200 million and I've interacted with countless men who've made seven figures, eight figures, nine figures, even a couple of made 10 figures, billionaires. And I've watched all sorts of chaos arise from the chronic unhappiness that comes from making money. and all these silly, goofy, weird problems that appear once you make money. And the problem is when most men make money, they make money for a certain reason and it leaves them in a dark, soulless place that makes them much worse off than when they were poor. And then on top of this, there's all these problems that pop up that if you're not looking for, they come and then they cling on to you like a parasite that you can't get rid of. And so what ends up happening is you end up more depressed than you were before, unhappy, but then you have all these problems that are also going to stress you out and drain you. And this is guaranteed going to happen to you. And if you're already successful, this might already be happening to you. There's going to be points where you're looking back and you're going to be thinking, "Oh, wow. Maybe I was more happy when I was poor. Maybe money is the source of unhappiness." This isn't true. It's not understanding why you're making money and the emotions and why you're feeling a certain way after you make money. And it's also just not seeing these problems coming that most men run into. Money is not going to make you extremely happy. It's also not going to make you incredibly depressed. What's going to make you incredibly depressed once you make money, is lack of understanding of all the things that come with making money and what the money is going to do to you. And for example, when I was in my college years, I never went to college, but I got out of the military broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and partied in college towns. And I would look back and say, "Wow, I was much happier at that point in my life." Maybe the secret to being happy is just being broke. That that's not the truth. The secret is understanding what life is all about. And if you don't understand this, you're going to end up more miserable. And in many cases, this is going to drive you to all sorts of problems that will send you back to being broke. And there's only one thing worse than being broke. It's being broke after being rich and still having to deal with all the problems that came from when you were rich in the deep shame of being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So please, I beg you, give me 10 minutes. This is going to save your life. If you're trying to become successful right now, or if you're already successful and you're starting to go down this little spiral that a lot of men go down, this is going to fix everything because not only am I rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right now, I'm also pretty damn happy all the time, or at least consistently good. I'm not sitting around moping and I don't sit around looking for purpose and drive in my life and wondering why I'm not happy after making oodles of big bags of bucks. So, let's discuss these things. And by things, there's actually five things you have to look out for. If you get these all done, you nail these all out, you're going to be good no matter what. and you're not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your life when you make some money. So now let's discuss. So there's five ways like I just said that's going to mess up your life. And a lot of these come from lack of identity and ego which I cannot spell. So I'm just going to draw this this hoopla up here. It actually all comes down mostly to lack of identity and blah blah and misunderstanding why you're making money in the first place. So let's talk about problem number one. And this is what I like to call the end of Zelda concept, beating the game concept. So, if you want to know what making money is like, making tons of money is like, if you don't understand why you're making money, and why you're building businesses in the first place, it's like this. If you ever played a video game, which I assume you have cuz you're a giant dork watching this channel who's 5'2 with a neck beard, that's exclusively what my audience is. What making a lot of money is like originally, if you don't understand why you're making the money or why you're building businesses, is it's like beating a video game. So, I learned this one time when I was playing Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and it was so much fun. I got like 100 hours in the game. It was super duper fun. I got all the things. It was super enjoyable. And then I got 100 hours in. I beat everything. I got the motorcycle. I had all the weapons and everything. And then I just drove around the planes in Breath of the Wild aimlessly, really bored with nothing to do. It was just like, okay, this world that was suddenly so happy and full of life and and and ventureful to me is now boring. I have no purpose. And I kept driving around wanting to refine that purpose and refine that reason for playing the game. And I didn't. But I still drove around and did aimless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for like an hour or two hoping it would come back. And eventually I was just like, "Well, it's all gone now." And so there's no purpose to this game. There's no purpose to anything I could do in this game. And then I turned it off. This is the experience you're going to have with making money and business. Because the reason why people make money is they think they're going to s find some fulfillment. And it's just like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Zelda game. It's so much fun. You're getting excited from all these numbers and suddenly at one point you're making enough money that you no longer get excited about the money that you're making. So, for example, when I had my first $1,000 day way back when or my first $50,000 a month, it was euphoria. Now, I don't even feel anything if I make under $50,000 a day. In fact, if I don't make a couple million in a week, I don't really like even it doesn't even register with me. Now, that might sound spoiled and greedy and all sorts of stuff like that, but you're going to understand it here in a second. It's just because what happens, just like in a video game, is once you achieve certain goals, they no longer are going to give you huge euphoric boost. more so if your goal and the reason for making money is simply making the money. Once you make the money, guess what? It's going to be just like that Zelda analogy I gave you. Okay? It's going to be just like that. You're going to have so much fun going towards this goal, which is at one point the money, and then you're going to get to the point where you have the money, and you're going to be like, "Well, I guess the next goal is to make more money." And then you'll go make more money. And then it's like, "Okay, well then the next goal is to make more money." And eventually you're going to get to the point where you're like, "What's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] point of all this? I can buy everything I want." and then suddenly you're driving around the planes on your little motorcycle in Zelda wondering why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're even doing this and you're just considering like turning off the game. I'm not saying commit suicide or something like that. I'm just saying you're going to be super bored and that really fun sense of fulfillment that you had the entire way through is going to be gone and now this is the thing that's actually making you happy, not the actual goal. Getting the motorcycle and the master sword in Zelda is not where the happiness comes from. It's pursuing getting those things. Also, in this video we're talking a lot about what happens when you make the money. But if you want to actually get into the making of the money parts, I have a sweet mastermind. I want I'm just kidding. I don't have anything to sell you. What I will give you is all the courses and everything I used to make. It's about $20,000 worth of courses. I no longer sell them because it's way more profitable for me to just build businesses and tech companies. But I will give them to you for free if you subscribe and then once a month in my community tab. I post a link to all the courses where you can get them for free. You have to be subscribed or you won't see this community post. It's as simple as that. Subscribe, watch this channel, you'll see the community post. Go pick up all the courses. It's that easy. But you have to be subscribed. So, do that right now. Also, leave a like because why not? The first thing you need to do when it comes to making money is yes, make your goal, paying your rent, and getting your life needs covered, paying for your family, all that stuff, being able to live without stress. But secondly, you need to understand that all your happiness is going to come from playing the game. So, you might as well focus on playing the game. You'll notice that people that actually don't make much money from their businesses, but they're growing their business a lot. For example, you've probably seen a lot of tech founders, they take no profits from their company or they live pretty frugally or they pay themselves very little. For example, like I have a friend whose company's worth a billion dollars, but he pays himself a million, $2 million per year. He could easily cash flow the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and pay himself like $50 million per year if he wanted to. And yes, he makes all of his money from his stock. But the reason why he's having so much fun he's fulfilled is because he likes building the bigger thing. He's enjoying playing the game. If you're playing the game for money, eventually you're going to get the money and then you're not going to enjoy the game. So, understand that first. The Zelda analogy is everything. This is why people can play online multiplayer games because it's an infinite game. So, seek businesses that you once you have enough money, seek businesses you really enjoy working on, the path you enjoy and create infinite games out of the business that you can play forever and you enjoy playing because of ultimately the business is just a game there to entertain you. you're going to get to the point where the financial needs are covered and making more and more money is not really going to trigger some sense of fulfillment and you're going to be stuck playing games that you don't actually like to play or reach a goal that you don't really enjoy or get any long-term value from just like those goals in Zelda that I mentioned. Now, tying into this, this is 1.5 before I move to the next one. You're going to start pursuing replacement highs. And this is where a lot of danger comes from with young men. What they do is because they don't obsess over the game, they don't get fulfillment from the game itself. They get fulfillment from the money or that's where they think they're supposed to be getting fulfillment from. When they stop getting fulfillment for the money, they start trying to use the money to gain fulfillment. So, this is why you see people buying cars and fancy things because they think they're going to get some type of fulfillment from these objects. They start partying. They start trying to increase their social value. all these things because they're no longer getting enjoyment from playing Zelda. So, it's be like imagine you were stuck in Zelda. You got all the things and then suddenly you had like nothing to do in the game. So, suddenly you start like killing all the towns in the game and lighting stuff on fire and like making Link jump off buildings and doing all sorts of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to like try and get some new life out of the game. This is the same thing other people are doing. And so one thing you need to look for once you make some money is when you start getting bored and you start trying to replace the game that you were enjoying so much with dopamine driven highs. Now look, I have a nice car mostly to get attention on this YouTube channel. But don't get me wrong, I enjoy spending money. I enjoy nice things. I enjoy living in a big house and so on and so forth. I deeply understand at this point in my life that none of this is going to make me happy. I've lived at one point when I was building my business, still making good money in a empty apartment with just a bed, a desk, and a computer. And I was very happy. So, I ultimately know that nothing that I buy or do is going to bring me any type of success or joy. And it's okay to do nice things and have nice things as long as you understand that. It's all pointless. Like, you're not going to get the car and be good. It's just not how it works. It's not like I buy a Lamborghini and suddenly life seems happier and brighter. No, it's going to be the opposite if you're trying to find it in those things because you just can't. It's not that there isn't like some moral soap box you have to get on or it's like about fulfilling your soul or anything like that. It's just you can't get long-term happiness or any type of happiness from objects or houses or things. You you just simply can't. It's not there. And so if you try to, you're going to be again like it's like you go and pursue getting another master sword in Zelda. You're going to end up in the same spot you were before. Now, the things that start to get really nasty about this too is if you're not playing the game for a joy, you start having this defensible thing tied to your ego, which is your money. And then you start adding objects to it as well, which gives you again something even worse than you were before, which is fear of loss. See, when you were broke, you didn't have fear of loss. But now, as you do, oh, you're kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Which is why when I talk about living in a one-bedroom apartment with just a bed and a studio is good cuz you realize that you don't need any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whatsoever. Like, as long as you can play the game, you're going to be happy. Some of my happiest times are just sitting in an empty empty apartment with just a desk coding video games that didn't make me any money. So, I ultimately know that if even if I lost everything, like it doesn't really matter. And this makes it so you can actually play the game and enjoy it a lot more cuz you're no longer afraid of losing the game. And look, I'm not saying you need to go out there and take massive risks that could ruin your life or uh be gambling with your life savings every single day cuz you no longer care about loss. I'm just saying that when you stop operating from a point of fear, you're going to like pursue greater feats in your business and try to play the game in a more enjoyable way because the point is really just the game. So, for example, when I was building Hyros, which is a business I have that's valued at hundreds of millions of dollars right now, or any of my other tech companies, when I built it from that apartment, it's not that the apartment or doing this is the key to anything. But I just realized that like, hey, all the happiness comes from building this thing. So, let's just like double down and not really invest in my lifestyle and just go and focus on this thing. And now, even to this day, like I don't need to invest in my lifestyle and I don't really care if I lose the lifestyle. And also my lifestyle is kept extremely low because I'm not pursuing adding to it as some important thing in my life. It might seem like I have a lot right now, but I'd really spend about 10% of what I make and investing in the business and playing the game is easily always the priority. That said, coming back to the main point right here, you end up with this huge fear of loss and this little devil that's going to make you sad and make you feel very unimportant whenever your money-making goes down or anything like that. This is a little nasty bugger that if you aren't aware of it is going to drive you to do insane things and become very money clingy which is going to end up destroying your business and making it worse. For example, in my first businesses when I got to $100,000 a month, my main goal in life was to never go back to $20,000 per month. And therefore, I did everything I could to cash flow and maximize those businesses versus grow them because I was afraid of going backwards. You also end up then killing your business because if you're complacent or you try to stay in the same place in business, you end up slowly going backwards always. This is the second thing that really messes you up. The solution to it again is just understanding you're not going to get happiness from the money or any of the things. So, you don't really have to be afraid of losing them. Just just do things and don't ever put yourself in the position where you're going to end up stressed out due the money. A lot of guys make this mistake and it ends up really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with their head and and locking them down for years. Now, number three is a nasty one, which is complacency. See, if you're not playing the game to play the game, as soon as you make enough money from the game, you're going to not want to play the game, and you're going to get complacent. And so, suddenly, that really remarkable person that you knew that was working all the time and ambitious and reading books and trying to do things, you just stop doing all of it because you're not playing the game for joy anymore. And what results is a person, you're going to see all these bad habits pop up. You get back in the video games, partying, drinking, uh just wasting your time away. You're going to get complacent, especially in your business. You're also going to get to the point where you start ignoring your business because you're not playing the business for fun anymore. You have the money from the business. And so you're going on vacations, you're going and chasing chicks or doing whatever you're doing. This is complacency. And so what it ultimately ends up doing is killing you because all the things that made you great, you put aside because you're not getting joy from the business. And the reason why you did all those great things was the joy you were getting from the business or building the businesses in the first place. So what you need to look out for is complacency. So for example, right now I'm making more money than ever. Our business is growing faster than ever. It's it's it's wild how much money is coming in right now. I'm pissed off because I want the business to be much higher. I want to be an all-time great SAS entrepreneur. I don't really care about like I don't there's nothing left for me to buy. But it could be very easy for me to come complacent right now and just travel around and and be drinking going on vacation and buying scrabbiest blabbish things and not working on the business and it would eventually kill the business because SAS especially the level I am at is very very competitive and someone else wants that cookie. In the past I get very complacent with businesses because I was doing it for money and then I had the money and then I would just like find ways to keep the business still going while just focusing on making the money. It's no way to live. it's going to kill your business and kill the thing that's making money in the first place and it's not going to bring any happiness. So, just recognize this right here and you have to get to the point where you're playing the game for fun and not playing the game purely for money or you're going to get complacent right now because my identity isn't really attached to the money I make or anything like that. I'm playing the game because I want to be an all-time great at it. That's literally the point. And so, I'm not complacent because I look at the business and say, "Does this make me an all-time great?" No, absolutely does not. I'm absolutely a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobody when it comes to SAS and tech. having a business making mid to high eight figures a year isn't really that impressive when you see all these little AI companies popping up making hund00 million a year in their first year scaling to billion dollar valuations. I that I I want to do much better than I currently am and I do it for joy and fun and playing the game. You have to get at that point right there or you're going to get complacent. You're going to kill everything that made you great in the first place and brought you joy and kill the thing that's paying for all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's paying for your life. So, it's just a triple whammy right here and this messes up a lot of dudes. The fourth that really gets dudes is the problems it brings into your life. A lot of people say fake friends and fake women and and debt and it's all actually true. So look, it's not like the entire world wants to vampire off you as soon as you get rich. It's the fact that you almost want to vampire off the rest of the world because you're really bored. Okay? And what's going to happen is you're going to probably pursue a lot of things that you were lacking before. For example, when you get rich, you're probably going to want women. You're probably going to want social status. You're probably going to want these things right here. And the problem is you can definitely go and actually achieve these things if you do it from a place of identity security. Okay? So, if like if you like girls, great. But you're not going to go and get tricked into stuff by bad women if you're not desperate for women. If you want friends and social status, great. You go out there and work and you build a really healthy social status circle where you're actually doing it from a point of enjoyment of the people and not desperation to be liked. And it's a very very subtle coin flip. There's there's very little there's this blurry line between wanting to be liked because you're desperate to be liked and wanting to go out there and just build social status and truly enjoy people. It's very difficult to address when you first get into it. And so what you see most guys do is they end up with bad women. Women will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ruin you faster than anything else. They end up with bad friends or even worse people that want to take advantage of you. I can't tell you how many times if you make millions and millions of dollars, you start going out with people. There's a lot of people that will film you when you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up or something like that. I've seen so many rich dudes I know, they get in with bad women who get some leverage on them. They get in with bad friends who get some leverage on them. They rack up a ton of debt and a lifestyle and a social status is all based around spending money. And then suddenly they end up complacent. They have all these people trying to take advantage of them and they have all this debt and crazy stuff weighing them down. And then suddenly they don't even have the choice to play the game out of love anymore. They have to make money from this business. They end up doing all sorts of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sure you've seen lots of influencers and koss who got in all sorts of financial trouble they didn't have to because they built this huge lifestyle of being famous and and living this luxury lifestyle and they have all these fake friends and all these fake women and all this fake stuff around them and then suddenly they have to like do and do all sorts of weird stuff to sustain it because they're going to go in debt and lose all it and then they're operating from a place of fear number two. So what you need to understand is when you make some money it's not that you have to go and be some humble [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You just have to really get your head straight and make friends for the right reasons and pursue women for the right reasons and actually just the really comes down to holding value in yourself and believing you're a valuable person period. And then you're not going to go out of your way and open yourself up to stupid people. And you can need to take two seconds to look at people around you and think about why they're really there and what their goals are and what could be the worst case scenario with these people. You need to be a little bit wiser about that. And then you need to keep your lifestyle super duper low compared to how much you make so that you never end up in trouble in the first place and you end up stuck in this big bubble bath of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's not that you have to go around the world being skeptical and fearful, but you need to think that you have something that people want and if they're bad people, they're going to find ways to find leverage on you and stuff like that. I luckily have not had these problems, but I have so many friends and stuff like that who have had this. And the real solution to all these things is really just getting yourself straight because then you're not going to go and put yourself in stupid positions with stupid people because you don't need the people in the first place. So look out for this. Now number five, the final bad one. The final bad thing that's really kind of inevitable is you're probably going to lose friends when you get rich. One, because you're going to work more than everybody else. Two, because your priorities are going to be different. Okay? Some people they they get out of college, they want to get married and have kids, and then they want to hang out with their kids. That's fine. I'm not here to tell anybody what type of life they should have. There's no such thing as a good or a bad lived life. We all just die and none of it matters and we forget everything we ever knew. So, it's all just kind of irrelevant. You can define whatever you want your life to be. That's not what this video is about. The thing is that 90% of the people that you know in your 20s are going to have different priorities than you. Even if you guys do stay in touch, you're going to have a different life than they do. So, for example, I'm just going to be straight. There's a lot of things I like to do with my wife and go travel. A lot of my friends growing up, they just can't come do these things. going and traveling or going places or or doing a lot of the experiences I want to do. It's just not approachable for normal people. And so if I want to go and take vacations with a lot of people I knew growing up, I usually have to cover a lot of it, which is fine in some instances. But a lot of times, a lot of people are not as lucky as I am to have some of those deeper connections and whatnot. But at the same time, you have to realize you're going to have to work extra hard to stay in contact with people you grew up with because they just have different priorities. They're not going to be able to do the same things as you. They're not going to want to work as much as you. They're not going to really understand the things and why you're doing because it's not their priority. They're not going to want to talk about these things with you. And when you want to go and do things that cost a little bit of money and stuff like that, people are not going to be there to do it for you unless you pay for all of it. You put all these things together, you're probably going to need to start looking for friends that have the same interest and want to live the same type of life that you do. I'm not saying anyone's better or worse, but there's you want to do certain things, you're probably going to want to do it with people that share the same values in you and are able to keep up with you. That's usually going to result in you losing a lot of friends and having to actively go out there like a weirdo and pursue making friends with people. You're gonna have to actually find dudes on the internet who are into the same things you are and living the type of same life that you are and you say, "Hey, do you want to be friends?" And you have to put effort into making friends with people or it's just not really going to work out. Or you're just going to be super duper lonely because that's just the case of all these things I talked about right here. You're not going to get along and you're not going to be able to completely relate and do stuff with people that want to work a 9 to-ive job and just raise their kids and hang out at home and watch sports. That's just not some. You're not going to be able to be friends with these people or you will be able to maintain friendships if you really try at it. But again, you're going to be very lonely because this is not you. So, you're going to have to find new people that are more like you. And that's just what it is. And it kind of sucks losing friends and changing that or like not being able to invest in the same relationships, but that's just what it is. You can either be lonely as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and chasing a bunch of people that you don't relate to and cannot keep up with you in life or you can go and actually find people that relate to you and can do the things you want and you're not constantly having to bring yourself down. And I'm not saying bring yourself down in a value way. I'm not saying that anybody that has any type of lifestyle is more valued than other. But you're going to have to bring yourself to another level that you're not at to relate to other people at their levels. You need to just find people that are at your level or where you want to be at in life. And so that my little friend, my little padawan, are the things you need to look out for. There's other things that are going to happen, but if you nail those five things right here and you're prepared for them, it's going to save you all sorts of turmoil. You're not going to end up in that weird Zelda situation I talked about in your life. You're not going to end up in tons of weird situations due to your fear and lack of identity and people you bring yourself around. You're not going to be looking and wondering why you're lonely because you can understand, hey, you know, maybe I need to go find people. If if you're a professional black belt in jiu-jitsu and that's everything you do all day, you probably are not going to relate to people that don't do any form of self-defense and don't work out and exercise. Okay? Same thing right there. Same thing with business. Okay? So, if you do these things right here and you understand that, you're going to be fulfilled the entire way through because you're playing life for joy. You're playing business for joy, which is ultimately the point you want to get to. And it's not hard to get to that. You get to 50,000 a month, you're financially freeish. You can play the game for fun and you're not going to end up getting complacent. You're not going to end up operating out of fear. You're not going to end up putting yourself in all sorts of chaotic traps that most people put themselves in and you're not going to be lonely all the time. And if you are just a super introvert like me, you're not going to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you understand why. So that's it, gentlemen. That's the video. Don't do these five things. It will save your life. Now, that also being said, if you're interested in the actual making money part, I give away all my old courses, like $20,000 worth of courses. I don't sell these anymore because it's not profitable enough. It's better for me to make tech companies, but I'll give you the courses if you subscribe to this channel. And then once a month in my community tab, I make a post giving away all my other courses, copywriting, sales, advertising, how I run my ads, how I build all my funnels, everything. I give these all away. But you have to be subscribed or you won't see that post once a month in the community tab. So, subscribe and I'll see you in the next

================================================================================
TITLE: If I wanted to be rich fast, I'd build this EXACT business in 2025
VIDEO ID: wlsiPNRT3Ic
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlsiPNRT3Ic
================================================================================

So, across all my tech companies, I built a net worth north of $200 million. Woohoo! Cool. But if you actually look at it, it's kind of embarrassing because I did it all the wrong way, especially in my first decade. I built the wrong businesses. I made it way harder than it should have been. And if I known what I'm going to show you in this video, I'd be worth so much more so much sooner, and I would have made my hundreds of millions in my 20s instead of my later 30s. In fact, once I started applying what I showed you in this business, it wasn't like my net worth gradually went up across my career. It mostly just exploded the last three, four years because I finally stopped being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot and built my businesses the right way. So, the number one thing I always get asked on our live streams, which you should subscribe to this channel for, you should come attend those. They're really cool. I answer any questions you have about business. But the number one question I always get asked is, "What type of business should I build?" And this is the right question, but going about it in a stupid way. Let me explain. You think it comes down to like the business model you pick. There's a bunch of business models you can pick. SAS, e-commerce, consulting, agencies, whatever the kids on YouTube are telling you to build these days. And this is all wrong. What you want to pursue is it doesn't matter what the business model is. The business needs to have these pillars. It needs to have these legs. It needs to be built around these four principles. And if you have these four things, it is going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And not only will it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, but it will ship money easily. You won't have to struggle to sell it. You won't have to struggle for it to grow. It will grow on autopilot. The only thing you will have to worry about is your business is growing so fast that you get so many copycats and you have to then be better than the copycats to regain your title or keep your title as the,000 lb gorilla in the room. This is so brutally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] effective that I will no longer even attempt to build a business without these pillars. I won't do it. Like, I just absolutely won't. I'm going to sit down and make sure the business has these things and I'm going to build the business around these things until it has these things. And if it doesn't have these things, I will not move forward. So whether you're a beginner or whether you have an existing business right now, you should apply these things because they will make it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And not only will it sh money, but this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of money will be easy. Let's begin. So look, my little pattern, here's why these four things are important. And then we're going to get straight into them. So look, when you have these four things, it's going to make selling in your business extremely easy. It's going to make caping your customers very easy and it's going to make your customers getting you more customers very very very easy. When you have these things together, what's going to happen is you have like a little snowball in your business and then it's going to start sliding down hills. And if you've ever experienced snowballs, you know that as they go downhill, they get bigger and bigger and bigger and they pick up speed to the point where they're moving so fast that you don't have to worry about the snowball going downhill. The way most people build businesses is they take those little like spiky balls, you know, in Super Mario that that land on you and make make Super Mario die. Those things. Yeah. So, they like are attached to the ground and every inch you push them downhill, they keep attached to the ground. So, you have to keep the effort up the entire way through. And so, you're pushing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing that as you move downhill, it doesn't get easier to push downhill. We want something that gets moving so fast you can barely keep up with it. And these four principles are the things that get you there. So, first things first, the first principle you need to focus on if you want your business to grow explosively is the customer result. But it needs to not only just be a customer result. I know you're rolling your eyes like, "Oh, the the product has to actually work." No, it has to be more than that. The result has to be so good that the customer throws a tantrum if you turn off the product for just a minute. Let me explain. So you might notice a few days ago where AWS went offline and everybody lost their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind on X and everything because all their businesses went offline for like an hour or two or something like that. That is the example of what we want to happen with our product. If you're able to turn your product off for 1 to two hours and your customer support line isn't full of people screaming and going nuts, the result isn't good enough. Now I know what you're thinking. Do we want to piss off our customers to the point that they're extremely angry all the time at us? No, that's not the point I'm trying to make right here. The point I'm trying to make is your product has to be so good that people notice it the second it's absent. If you run a business right now and I go and turn off your Slack channel, you're going to be hitting up Slack within the hour if it's not back. If I go and turn off your Zapier account that manages all the connections with your APIs and something in your business goes down, you're going to be freaking out. If Stripe, your business processor, out hanging up their support and your business could potentially be ruined. Now, I'm just listing software examples because this is the business industry that I'm in. This is something I think about a whole lot. So, I have endless amounts of software examples, but I want you to think about examples in your life where if the product goes down, you are just absolutely livid. So, for example, in my life, I have a Pelaton membership and I used those workout classes every single day of the treadmill. If that goes offline, it went offline for like 2 hours the other day. I was really pissed off and it ruined my entire day. I've had similar experiences with like, for example, my Netflix account or specific workout supplements or peptides that I take. If you've ever noticed when like World of Warcraft goes down and people start flaming World of Warcraft and Blizzard, same example right there. What you need to think about though when it comes to your product is, is the result so damn good that people freak out when they no longer have access to it? If you do not have this in your e-commerce product, your consulting, your agency, you do not have a good product, you do not have something that's going to make you a lot of money for this one reason. Also, these tactics right here are going to make your business grow explosively. But having good sales and marketing is very cool, too. Which is why you should subscribe to this channel because I used to release a ton of courses on sales marketing. I can sell basically pickles to a person that's allergic to pickles. And while I don't think you should use these as the cornerstone in your business, I think you should use these things. If you're able to sell very well, if you're able to run ads very well, you're able to make sales copy and sell on the phone very well, it's going to be also very easy to make a lot of money for your business. And I will tell you how. Give you this whole $20,000 worth of businesses. But you have to subscribe. And then once a month in my community tab, I post a link to all these courses. You can get them for free, but you will not see this link unless you're subscribed. So, subscribe. Also, the channel doesn't totally suck. So, you should definitely subscribe for that as well. All right, let's get back to it. People don't want to pay for anything. They don't want to. They don't want to continue paying for anything. They don't want extra products. They want less products. And so, what happens if your product does not achieve this with a person, they'll eventually just stop paying for it whenever it's convenient. So, for example, if you look at a lot of e-commerce companies or or athletic apparel companies or supplement companies where you can't really pin down the exact result, what happens was when people's credit cards decline or they just get a little bit lazy and don't want to go fill out that form to order another product, they just stop paying for it and nothing happens to them. You can't build a big explosive business without this type of result. And so, for example, I'm going to give you examples in my business is when we built Hyros originally, we attached the people's ad tracking. If you put our tracking on people's ads, they make 15 to 20% more because they're not flying blind with their ads anymore. And hyrosus becomes so so essential to people's businesses that when their ad tracking in their Hyru extension or the reporting is out, which we try ultimately never to do, but there's a few times when it does go out, we have endless people smashing our support instantly because they can't run their ads without us. That's the type of result that you need to have in your product because it comes down to this one last thing. If you don't have this result, people will not continue to buy more of your product and spend and come back to it, whether it's a reoccurring subscription or just buying more for years. And if you don't have that, it becomes very difficult to build a business because every single sale you get eventually dies and you have to get another one. Think about this for one second. If you had a business where you are charging $200 a month, not cheap, but not expensive either by any standards and services. Now imagine every customer you have stays for 10 years. In order for your business to get to $72,000 per year, you really just need to get 30 customers. And if they never ever ever leave, you have a $6,000 per month business, a $72,000 per year cash stream. Now, at 0% churn, you're going to get probably a 10x right here. So, you instantly have a business worth $720,000 on paper. Now, think how hard it would actually be to get 30 customers at $200 per month. It really wouldn't be that hard. You could actually just manually message people on Facebook and show them your product if you had a product to get a result like that. So, there's a lot of people that are building AI agents and similar right now that are able to actually do this. Now, imagine if you just continue this and you added five clients a month just manually messaging people via Instagram or whatever. Just five clients per month. Every single month you add another 12,000 to this and another $100,000 in potential valuation. If you just continue this for an entire year, you're going to have a business that's worth multiple millions of dollars without much effort because people never leave. And so this is why instead of going out there and trying to build all sorts of different businesses and stuff like that, you instead just focus on the result and making a result that is so good that the customer freaks out the second it's turned off. You don't want to intentionally do that. But if again customers are not blowing up your customer support, not going insane on X when your product is offline, not messaging you, texting you, you don't have a product. So instead of going and doing anything else, focus on getting to this first. Now the next principle that you have to understand that's going to make this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money is you have to understand too the ease of the result. So I want you to think about if you've ever used Tinder. Now I know a lot of you guys watching this channel about 5'2 and you don't get a lot of swipes, right? And you have more chance of becoming the president of the United States than touching a woman. But bear with me. Just think about this for a second. If you ever downloaded Tinder or Uber, how easy was it to get the initial result or initial experience? You download Tinder. You maybe get a few matches right away or you start using it. You get the point of the product. You download Uber. You don't have to go through any tutorial. You just press a button and suddenly there's a car at your house. This is an example of what you want your product experience to be like. Why? Because if you look at most products out there, let's look at software companies or agencies or anything of the sort. What usually happens is only about 30% of people that buy the product end up actually getting to the result. You could have the best product on planet earth, but the result is quite difficult and a lot of products to get to. So I'll give you two examples actually at my businesses. So the initial version of Hyros the tracking company, we got the results. If you put Hyros on your ads, you will make 15 to 20% more. We literally guarantee it. Like it's it's guaranteed. The issue is the technical setup on tracking on a lot of businesses is actually quite technical. And so this requires people to spend maybe 20 minutes of their time setting up Hyros. That's actually a bold ask if you've ever thought about procs. For example, I got an eightle mattress and I was doing the setup for that and the only thing that stopped me from throwing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mattress out the window was the fact that I spent $8,000 for it and I'm like I I I want my bed to be cold. It was it was terrible. I almost didn't use the product before that. And I can guarantee with eight sleep or products like that a significant amount of people 50% or more probably don't end up using the product just through the setup process because it's difficult to get that result. Now I'm going to give you an example of where we lost at hyros. So, for example, if you look at one of our competitors at the time, they're not really in tracking anymore, but the time they were, Triple Whale, they decided to go and make tracking very similar to us, but they only did it for Shopify stores. Now, at Hyris, right now, you can actually press a button and you'll be able to plug a Shopify store in in 10 seconds. But our focus was on all the different businesses that are out there. Triv Mill made their only focus Shopify store. And because of that, a person was able to come in, connect their Shopify store, and instantly start tracking within seconds. They got to the result and they got a a dashboard full of interesting data within seconds. That was the only difference between their business and ours. Their business grew explosively. Now, Hyris is a very big multi-figure business. But Triple exploded exploded due to this. It's the same thing due to Clavio as well with their autoresponder that connects to Shopify stores. They were able to get to the result that's very good. Actually, I believe their tracking is inferior to higher. So, their result was inferior, but they got people to this result faster than us. Therefore, they won in that part of the market. And so everything I focus on now when I build businesses, for example, if you look at our new product at Hyros Air, people can slap it on a Shopify store, they can slap it on their site, increases their revenue by 3 to 5%. I'm not here to pitch you these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things. When your businesses start making money or whatever, and you're interested, come and check it out. But that's not the point of this video. The point of this video is with Air, every ounce of what I've done is focusing on the person pressing a button and reducing the setup down to seconds where they don't have to think. They don't have to do anything. and they don't have to set up the AI agents. They don't have to do anything. Why? Because I know that the result isn't enough. The result has to be easy. Because if you have 100 people come into your business, but only 10 of them stick around, which is like most businesses, because they it took so long for them to get to result, well, you're losing 90% of your business, and it's going to be hard to grow the business. If you grow a business and you get a 100 people in the door and 95% of them get to that result and 95% of them get to that result that's so good that they will freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if it's turned off, you're going to have a business that grows like a wildfire. So, not only should you focus on that result right away, but you need to focus on making that result as easy as possible or reducing your business to only the customers that can get that result and then making it like a kitty bounce pad bowling alley. You ever seen where the kids throw the bowling ball down the the alley and they can't mess it up? That's what you have to do. And not only that, you have to make the bowling ball get there like that. If you can do that like Uber did with their app, like Triple Whale did with their analytics solution, like Slack does, for example, have you ever used Slack before? You you sign in, you don't pay anything, and you eventually start getting that result very quickly. That's what you need to focus on with your business. Number three, how do you bill people? The hardest thing in all of business is the point where they put their card down and they see that bill come in every single month. So, every single month at Hyros, we have like a giant Stripe bill. It's like tens and tens and tens of thousands. Actually, like 40, 50. I don't even know. It's ridiculous. I don't like looking at the stripe bill. But the way Stripe bills is every single time a transaction comes in, let's say we get a $1,000 transaction, they're going to take $30 of that. We never actually even see them bill us. It just happens in a phantom way. It's painless. And so, how bills is based on value, and they don't bill you until they've delivered the value. Now, if you look at most agencies and you look at most products that are sold, the person has to exchange an immense amount of value before they ever get that result. And every time they get build, it's an event. So, I want you to think about every single time you go to the grocery store, it's an event. You feel pain as your build. Every single time you pay an agency for a service, every single time you pay for an expensive software like Salesforce or heck, even for example like Hyros, one of our biggest problems and the problems with the original version of Hyros is how it builds cuz it's a lot of money build all at once. It's a big old event. This leads to people turning. This leads to people quitting. This leads to people eventually sometimes feeling so much pain they don't continue paying or they don't join the software in the first place. Whereas if you look at Stripe, they don't bill you anything when you set up. They don't do anything. If you look at Unity or Unreal Engine, they don't bill you anything. You just start using it and then blah blah blah and then you start making money and then they start billing you in very subtle ways on every single transaction. You actually never feel pain. Look at businesses like Unis swap or Coinbase or Pumpfun in crypto. So for example, Pumpfun in crypto is an amazing example. They have made over a billion dollars in cash the last year. A billion dollars in cash. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cash. Not revenue, whatever. Just cash. Cash in the door. How do they do this? Well, all the the meme traders out there, people are able to launch a coin, they're able to then trade it on the platform. And Pumpfund collects a sub 1% fee of every transaction on there. So many people use it, they never notice. And so people are out there and they have racked up bills or amount of money they've given the pump. Fun, they they've transacted $10,000 in the platform and ended up paying them $100,200, $300. So every single user that comes on Pump. Fun ends up paying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money to use Pump. fund, but they never feel it because the value is attached to every single bill. Every single time they do a $100 transaction, they pay $1. They don't know it's the $1, they know it's the $99 they're able to trade. What then happens is so for it's it's kind of funny if you look at crypto, billions and billions and billions and trillions of volume have been spent on pump the fund and suddenly everyone in crypto knows like, hey, these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made a billion dollars off of us and what have they given back to the industry. Now, that's just the crypto overall behavior and how they view it. I this is a very common business model. pump that did anything wrong. It's just that people noticed, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where did all of our money go?" And they never felt any pain the entire way through. If you look at Coinbase, you'll go and trade a million dollar per year on Coinbase and you'll never even notice you've been build until you look at the fact that you have over $20,000 in billing from the year to Coinbase and you're like, "How the hell did this happen?" Now, look, the point I'm trying to make here is not that you should like suddenly phantom steal your customers money. That's not what these businesses are doing. The point I'm trying to make here is you should attach value to your billing. So a really good example of this is Intercom. If you look at their new billing structure for Finn, they charge 99 per every customer support ticket that they solve. On average, a business spends $28 to solve a support ticket. So, when you start seeing that bill coming in for intercom, every single time you see that Finn has solved the customer support ticket, you see that 99 cents build, you also note you save $28. So, they do this and this makes it incredibly easy for them to build because your billing is attached to value. You never spend until you get value. And the paying threshold of every single billing point is very tiny. You do this right here. This is the same billing process that Zapier has, the same billing process Stripe has, the same billing process that unis swap, which allows you to exchange carryings in crypto. Uh the same billing process of Coinbase, Binance, Pump.fund, this is how they all run and people never notice the billing coming in. And these are the most profitable [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] businesses you've ever seen because the billing event is so painless. So if you're going to design anything, attach your billing to the result itself. Let's say you're selling AI agents to businesses. Attach the billing upon them actually getting sales. So, if they make a $100 sale, don't build them $1,000 upfront. Just build them 1% 2% 3% of every sale you generate. That's how you want to bill. And then bill in those very small increments that stack up over time. And then if you can bill every single time it happens, not at the very big end of it. So, it's some big billing event. This is a very psychological game right here that has nothing to really do about the product and result in the customer experience. But this has everything to do with the billing experience, which is the most painful part of buying a product. You do this right here. People are going to spend so much money at your business effortlessly with glee. This is the best way to focus on billing in the entire world. And if you can get this into your business, you're going to make so much money. So an example how we've done this at Hyros, if you look at air, our new AI agent, you put it on your website, you're going to make about 3 to 5% more from your business, guaranteed. And the way that we bill is you only pay for air when it creates sales for you. And you're paying a very small percentage of every single sale that comes in. And so you're never a point where you get build by air without getting a result. You plug it in for free, you use it for free. When it goes and makes you $1,000, okay, then you spend and pay $50 for air and very tiny increments. So you actually never are build without seeing insane immense value first. Not every business model works with this billing structure right here. It it just doesn't. But if you get back to the point of the video that I made at the beginning, I want to build every single business I make around these principles because it makes it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easy. I'm not saying you have to do these things to build a successful business. I'm saying if you want a business that grows like gang busters, you want to focus on building a business around these things, which is what I focused on differently from the high main product that we have tracking, which is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phenomenal, but is a big upfront billing pain. And it's difficult to get the result if you're not a Shopify store because you have to plug in all sorts of technical stuff. If you're a Shopify store or e-commerce store, you press a button and you plug in, your ads are making 15 20% more, which is something we focus on last year. But again, you need to focus on this right here when you're structuring your business, which is why any business I build in the future has this type of billing structure. It doesn't have the original billing structure I had with hires, which is big, painful, and eventful. Finally, distribution. So, I'm Mr. Marketing. I built an entire business around running paid ads. In fact, most all my original businesses come from running paid ads and using my personal brand to grow the businesses. My personal brand didn't so much grow Hyros, but it grew definitely my info businesses. And I got away from my personal brand being connected to my business's growth because it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks when you have to be a dancing monkey to grow your businesses. But we're getting off topic here. The point is you need to build in a distribution engine. So what is this? So this means your customers sell your product for you. I want you to go back and look at how Zapier became a billion-dollar company. You never saw an ad for Zapier anywhere. You never saw them running specials or having Kos promoting them or influencers promoting them. It just literally grew like crazy one day. And here's exactly how it grew. So, if you don't know what Zapier is, Zapier basically makes API connections between all the products that you use online. And this was revolutionary back in the day. It's still extremely useful today. But, so, for example, what they do is they would connect your ClickFunnels to your uh email system. And so you could have your email system talk to your ClickFunnels and tag people or run automations synced by that. And they bill you based on every single automation in a very painless, effortless way like number three that I just talked about. The thing is what Zapier then did is they made these little pages on their site for each business they connected to. So you had a ClickFunnels page, you had a Mailchimp page, you had a Stripe page. And what would happen is all these businesses saw that it unlocked so much potential for their customers and so they promoted their pages to all their customers because they couldn't go and build all these integrations. For example, ClickFunnels to connect to all the different types of businesses that their customers wanted to connect to would take millions and millions and millions and months and months of dev. Instead, they just said, "Hey, go build it on Zapier." They built a connection on Zapier and then they promoted Zapier. And then what happened is millions and millions and millions of people signed up for Zapier, made these connections, signed up for the billing process without Zapier ever having to run a single ad. Do you see how that works? Look at Only Fans in its distribution mode. Have you ever seen an ad for Only Fans? It is the most profitable business per employee on planet Earth. For every single employee they have, they make more money than Nvidia does per employee on average. So for example, if a Nvidia makes $2 million per year on average for every employee they have, Only Fans makes like $10 million per year per employee. How do they do this? the distribution model. Not only is the billing very subtle, it's little pin pricks, but they also have hot babes distributing it all over the internet because it makes them money. So, you need to find some way to attach distribution into your software. The final example I'll give you is go high level. They built a a ClickFunnels, but it was specifically for agencies and they built like a crazy crazy referral system into that so that agencies sold go highle to their clients. They made go high level white label so you could go and take the software, make it look like it was your software, sell it to your clients. They didn't also have the agencies sell this to all the other agencies. And so what resulted in is go highle actually be ended up becoming bigger than clickfunnels because they built this distribution engine with mine into it. The final example I'll give you is school. If you ever seen school, you've never seen an ad for school before except until Alexi started promoting it. Before Alexi started promoting school and became a partner at school, Sam basically built the business to be worth, I don't know, $300, $400 million. And the reason why it was worth that is because every customer that joined referred three to four other customers. If you've seen school, it's very similar to Only Fans in the model, which is how essentially you build a business on there. You send your customers to it and then also those customers go and join other businesses. So you have massive incentive to be on the school platform. So what happens is businesses end up promoting school. The people that join school as students end up promoting school and then other businesses join school because there's massive incentive due to the network. It results in this flywheel, that snowball that I talked about that makes everything go downhill. We're currently building this at Hyros Air right now because we're going to allow agencies to basically make the AI agents to print money for businesses at Air. We're allowing them to then white label those agents and then sell them on their own on their own billing structures to businesses and distribute the product for us. This is how you want to think about your business. And so when you're going and building your businesses, those are the four things you need. A or one, a result that's so good that the customer loses their mind if it's turned off. If you can cancel the subscription, let's say you're selling a skincare cream, you can just turn it off, not send the skincare cream for the month, and they don't message your support and bash you and go nuts, you don't have a good product. Can you make a ton of money without a result that good? Yes, but it's going to be hard. We don't want hard. We want easy. Two, we want the result to be easy for the customer to get to. This doesn't mean the result is easy to get. For example, getting a customer results at air and instruct an AI agent that they can effortly put on their site that makes them 3 to 5% more in revenue and detects all the customers and the the tracking structure. That's hell on earth. But the customer side must be easy. Imagine all the things that go behind Uber and getting that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] car to your house, getting the driver, getting them set up, getting them paid, getting all the infrastructure to connect that together, all that together. That's hell on earth. But getting the Uber there as a customer, easy. The person must not only be able to get the result, they must be able to get it effortlessly because people won't put in the time to get the result either. You literally want a free money printer for them. A free result machine that requires no effort on their part because in order for your business to grow rapidly, you need a hundred of people to join. You need a 100 of them to stay. If only 10 of them stay, it becomes hard to grow the business and you're pulling teeth. We don't want that. We want it to be easy. Three, we want a painless billing structure. Very similar to Stripe, very similar to pumpf fun that I described. You're build in tiny increments that are immediately attached to value. Think about Finn and the $28 support ticket and the $1 they charge to fix that. That's what you want because then people end up staying forever because it's painless for them to get build by it. It's it's it's not something that they worry about being bu and you can build a lot for it because for every $3 they pay you, they make $97. For every $5 someone pays us at air, they make $100. and it's built so small that there isn't some big giant upfront $10,000 payment. They can literally sign up for air for free and they don't pay this $5 until they made the $100, $100,000, whatever. That's how you want your billing structure to work so that it becomes easy for the customer to stay on board and it becomes easy for you to sell. It's so easy for us to sell air for example because we're going just say use it for free. If it doesn't make you money, you don't pay for it. You only pay for it when you make money. Same exact thing with Stripe. Same exact thing with Zapier. The customer does not start paying until they are hooked in and seeing extreme value and that extreme value is painless to pay for. And then four, distribution engine. You need something where your customers distribute it for you. Think of those examples I talked about with school, with go highlevel, with Zapier. You want that distribution engine so it becomes again easy for you to grow your business and you're not having to buy ads. You're not having to hire influencers. You're not having to do all this crazy marketing. Your customers grow it for you. Zapier became a billion-dollar company before they even ran a single ad or I saw a single ad from them. It is possible to grow a business without these. Of course, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. You do these four things, your business will be so easy to grow, so effortless to grow that your only problem will be people seeing how much money you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making and starting to copy you. That will be your only problem. And your only problem then will just be having the best product, which is a good problem to have because you're not worried about your marketing. You're not worrying about your billing. You're not worrying about your selling. You're just worried about making the best product possible. And that right there is when you will have a snowball going downhill so damn fast. It's making so much money you don't even know what to do with it. That's it. Now, if you want the actual sales and marketing tactics, I release all the courses I used to make. I don't sell them anymore cuz I make so much money it makes no sense for me to do so. So, I'm just going to give them to you for free. All you need to do is subscribe. And once a month in the community tab, I link to all these courses. You will not see this post unless you're subscribed. So, you should subscribe because it's like $20,000 in courses. They're really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. Like, I can sell a pickle to a person that's allergic to pickles. I don't have to do that cuz I use these pillars now. But damn, it sure is helpful. So, um, yeah, I'll see you next video.

================================================================================
TITLE: You'll win at everything in life if you watch this
VIDEO ID: WbcuaqyAP38
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbcuaqyAP38
================================================================================

All right, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why don't you have a six-pack? Why are you not rich? Why are you not dating hot babes? Why are you not crushing all your goals in life like an incest baby between Elon Musk, Richard Branson, and Frodo from Lord of the Rings? He's short, but he's got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heart just like you. I'll tell you why. It's because you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. Just kidding. You're you're fine. Probably. Maybe annoying the average person views this channel. Probably not. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. We're going to go anyways. Cuz lucky for you, I have all those things. And I found a system for my life that makes achieving them easy. Okay, jokes aside, I think I've insulted you and lowered your morale enough. This video is going to show you how to basically get anything you want in life because getting everything you want in life is as simple as playing the Sims. You have the same amount of hours every single day as the greatest men on earth. There is nothing stopping you from putting in the work hours and effort of Mr. Beast, Jeff Bezos, and Camala Harris. And look, if that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can go and run for president, you can basically do anything at this point. Why can't you? It's because you don't understand how your brain works. And if you understand how your brain works and how to structure it in these three ways I'm going to show you in this video, they're going to align like the cassidian crystals on the Death Star and give you unlimited power. And even if you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you too will be touring the nation doing book tours, giving speeches, and half the country will be wanting to vote for you despite your deep, deep incest retardation. Long story short, if you're kind of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is still going to work for you because I am actually a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as well. I barely passed high school, was broke out of the military. And my favorite hobby, my only hobby actually just was drinking, and I still managed to use this to convert myself into a person that not only has a crispy six-pack, but also a net worth passing multiple nine figures. And I also am married to a pretty lady who's nice to me. So, all around, this is going pretty well. And what I'm going to show you in this video allowed me to basically get whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want out of life without any restrictions. And I guarantee if you just do this, it's going to take all the responsibility that you're trying to force out of your hands and just make all of this easy and streamlined. So, let's begin. So, let's all bring it down to one key point that we're going to fix in this video. Why haven't you gotten the things that you want to get out of your life? Here's the number one reason. You haven't been able to force yourself to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. You haven't had the willpower. You haven't been able to make yourself do it. Look, if you woke up every single day and busted out 12 hours of extremely focused work, you didn't do anything. You weren't distracted. you just sat down, worked and worked and worked on whatever you were pursuing in life, you'd get pretty good results in it. Maybe you wouldn't be the Tom Brady of whatever you're doing, but you definitely make the NFL. You wouldn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. Whether it's making money, getting a great physique, whatever your goals that you're trying to achieve are, being the best at something, you'd be able to do it if you were able to just sit down and make yourself [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] focus on it like you're playing the Sims. Have you ever played the Sims? You ever remember making the Sims go and read books for 12 hours straight, just pounding espressos, sleeping like a machine, going to work in a perfect mode, repeat. They have no friends, no family except when you need to score friend points in the game. If you ran your life like that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you tell that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to, you'd be doing great, but you're not. So, the secret we really have to realize is how do we get ourselves to perform like a sim, aka where we just do all the things we need to do constantly like a machine? And more so, how do we make it easy? How do we make it so we don't want to kill ourselves while we're doing this? This is how you do it. So, what I'm about to show you actually just has three steps. And if you optimize these three things again, you will line up like the Death Star laser and unlock unlimited power in yourself or at least enough power to not be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. And I'm going to give these three things to you here in a second and they will just plain work. It makes everything very streamlined. But you have to understand the crux of your problem right now, which is that thing, that blob of mass in your head, your brain. And your problem right now is not be able to get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do what you want. You want to do a lot of things. Like I'm sure you want to work out five times a day, make tons of money to read 50 books a year, and go and learn I don't know the Kama Sutra. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I saying? Anyways, you can't get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do what you want consistently. And even if you try and do it, the spurts of doing it are so so hard that you eventually run out of willpower and then you just stop. And so you can't run your life like a Sim at this point. So, you have to understand how to trick this little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in doing what you want and actually make it enjoy it. Because you are two different things. There's your brain, which is this organ that thinks and does things. It really isn't you. Have you ever listened to the thoughts that go on in your head and the things you think about, they just pop out of nowhere? That's your brain. It's just doing stuff all the time. And it's always making you do stuff you don't want to do and pushing and do stuff you want don't want want don't want don't want don't want don't want don't want to do because it's not you. It has nothing to do with you. It's an organ that influences or releases chemicals that then make you want to do certain things. But really, you have this separate willpower, this consciousness in your head that clearly doesn't always want to do these things. You don't want to eat cake. You don't want to drink alcohol. You don't want to play video games 24 hours a day. You'd love if you were motivated to do great things and read and have all these great personality traits, but you just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't because this thing keeps pressing you and it makes it very hard to have those things regardless. So, the great question is, why don't you have and do all these things you don't want to do? Here's exactly why. So, your brain is like this creature that needs to get something. All right? So, for example, if you go in the Sims and you tell it to go entertain itself, let's say this is the entertainment button right here in the Sims. What the Sim is going to do, and let's just refer to the Sim as your brain going forward. It's going to find the most straightforward way to get here. So, let's break this down. So, let's imagine your brain is essentially the Sim in the video game. It it has needs. Okay? So you you are the Sim and you have needs and you have to understand that your brain doesn't live in the future. It also doesn't live in terms of fulfillment. It doesn't equate itself to making lots of money and being happy. It doesn't equate itself to working towards a long-term goal and being happy. It simply lives right now in this moment. It's a dumb lizard brain and it has needs it's going to need to fulfill right now. And what you have to understand about the brain is it's an optimization machine. Its goal is to get from point A to point B with as least energy and effort as possible. So just like a Sim in a video game, if you tell it to entertain itself, what it's going to do, it's going to do a quick scan of the area and what's available and it's going to find the shortest way to fulfill this need. And once the need is fulfilled, the motivation and everything to do anything else is pretty much gone. The motivation is not not there anymore because the need has been fulfilled. And it doesn't care if the way it gets to this need is unhealthy or something that doesn't work in your favor. It doesn't even care if the need itself damages you in the long run because it doesn't live in tomorrow. It doesn't live in next week. It doesn't live in next year. And it doesn't even satisfy its current needs by you going and achieving your life goals. If you go make a lot of money if you become very successful, your brain is still going to be like, "Hey man, maybe you want to go like watch some porn or something. That sounds great." Or like, "Hey, dude, that World of Warcraft account, that sounds really satisfying." It's still going to get really high from doing heroin. And it's like, hm, maybe we should just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all this work stuff and go do heroin. That's how your brain works because it thinks how to fulfill its need as fast as possible. It doesn't care about what actually makes your life better or worse. It doesn't care if the needs and that you're fulfilling put you in debt and ruin your life. That's why people go and start gambling and whatever, lose all their money, and you're like, "Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I do this?" Because your brain was like, "Hey, the fastest way to get dopamine, the fastest way I can get this hit is just to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the casino and lose my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money." Because it doesn't think in terms of results. It just thinks in terms of getting this chemical release and once it does it stops wanting to do it and then you're just going to mope around. So you have this situation right here that becomes very toxic if you do not control your brain in today's world. So what you need to understand is that in the past caveman times there was basically only like three ways to get dopamine. You had to like eat, you had to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or you had to like hang out with friends or something. I don't know. And you had to be valuable to the tribe. That was like it. You didn't have a phone, you didn't have a TV. That was it. So really, the only way a caveman had to reach any level of fulfillment or scratch the itch and the chemicals the brain needs to have be released was to hunt, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go hang out with friends and be valuable to the community. That was it. So I would be willing to bet that cavemen were pretty productive [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And if you look at people from the 50s, 20s, and before we had a lot of technology, they got a lot of stuff done. They were really active. There weren't a lot of people just sitting around watching TV and like doing nothing and just drained all the time. Why was that? because the brain had no way to get access to dopamine. It had no way to actually get any of the things it wanted because there was no shortcuts to it. Now, when you are working with your brain in general, what you need to understand about this, and this ties in, we're going to lay it all here in a second. I know I've talked about this before, but there's other stuff they're going to tie in this to make this very fast and easy, is the brain is going to find the fastest way to get there. It doesn't care if it's negative or has a con on your life. For example, if you're looking at going and talking to women, you're not going to be motivated to talk to women if you're watching pornography. Cuz why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would you leave the house and go put yourself in some existental insist put yourself at risk of chance of being denied by a lady in public when you could just load up Pornhub? Why why would you why would you go do that? You wouldn't. This is why a lot of guys don't date anymore because they just do that. Why would you go and build a business and get this fulfillment and take on challenges when you can just boot up a video game? And so your brain is going to go and say, "hm, okay, look, I don't care about the business you want to build being successful. I don't care about you being physically fit. I care about getting this need fulfilled in a shortest way possible and spending as little energy as possible getting there." And so it's going to reroute and optimize around these things. And you're not wanting you're not going to want to do anything challenging. So now that you understand that, you also have to understand a few other things about your brain. One, your brain is limited. There is only so many things it can focus on at once. So if you put 100% of your focus into say building a business, you're going to get really huge returns from that focus because you're going to see all the edge cases and all the focus that goes into it is going to go into something that makes your life go up. But the more your focus gets split, the less impact it's going to have because you're putting less focus into things. The next thing you understand is that your brain can function better or worse. So, for example, if you're drinking all the time, if you're completely frying your dopamine and like to the point where your brain's exhausted and mentally overwhelmed. I'm sure if you've ever played a 12-h hour video game bench, you see how your brain feels after you can't focus or look at anything. If you're not sleeping well, if you're not eating well, if you are not dealing with inflammation in your body and how your body resets every single day, you're also going to be slow. So, what am I trying to point out here? If we take all the three things I just talked about right here, and we lay it in a train track of success, okay, we have our energy, basically how well our brain works, we have our focus, and then we have our motivation, which is basically our dopamine, which is really the hardest one to control out of all of them. If we can optimize all three of these things in order, we're going to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at things really fast. So, for example, let's imagine that this is again like the Sims, and we need to fill up all these bars. If you max out your energy bar, you max out your focus bar, and you put all of your motivation and points into whatever job career you're getting into, you max out all of these right here, your life output is going to be outrageous. Let me make sure I got that fully in view. It's going to be outrageous. Cuz let's imagine this. Let's look at a bad scenario. This is most people. Let's say you're putting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your body. You're not sleeping well, and you're doing all sorts of things. They're frying your brain. Your energy is at 20%. Now, let's look at most people's lives. Their focus is fractured in a zillion different ways. They have bills and life responsibility that's driving them nuts. They have family. They have friends. They have 15 different hobbies that they're looking at and they're not good at. They are looking at politics and and on Twitter all the time. They're on their life is just so much. There's so many things going on in their life. They have all their chores daily. Everything that's going on in their life. Think of anything that you focus on that isn't based around success in your daily time. Go and document the next hour after this video. Sit down and think about how much you focus on things that have nothing to do with the growth or success of your life. Do it. You'll be like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on in this monster thing that I call my brain? I am [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] retarded." You really have to really think about it and document this. And then finally, imagine most people's motivation is completely won out because they're looking at porn. They're watching TV all the time. They're playing video games and they have 15 other different hobbies whether it's their phone or some form of technology that's giving them all the rewards, all the incentives immediately without any effort. So what is the normal person doing right here? You have this slow person that is only putting like 5% of their focus in life growth that has zero motivation to do so. Like they have no interest in it either. Like if they go read a book on self-help or they go and go to the gym for 30 minutes, they're in mass amounts of pain. Why? Because their brain's like, "What are you doing, dude? We filled the motivation quota an hour. Why are you at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gym? We just ran a really sweet dungeon in world. You don't need to do this. What are you do? Go home and go home and take a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and sleep. Stop it, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We can deal with this tomorrow." And then they repeat the same exact process. How are you supposed to be successful when you when you are operating like this? You can't. It's like driving a car that's has half of engine and you've crammed your own feces into the gas tank and you've completely painted the windshield with with hentai waifu pictures. You can't see where you're going and you everything smells like ass and it's not working very well. You can't do this. This is dumb. So, how do we go and fix this? Well, we sit down and we make a concerted effort to document our lives and fix all these things. So, the first place you need to start at is going to be your energy because you can't deal with these things if you're not if you don't have no energy. So, here's the most basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can do right here. Now, there's a ton of things you can do to improve your energy and biohack and all that stuff. That's not going to get you the results. Here's what's going to get you the results when it comes to energy. Okay? I'm not going to go into all my biohacking. I could go talk about hyperbaric chambers and red light therapy and injecting yourself with peptides. We're not doing that yet. Just chill out. Remove sugar and inflammatory foods from your diet. This is where almost all the brain fog is coming from. Just eat plants meat and simple carbs like sweet potatoes. Just go to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] store, get yourself some chicken breast, some sweet potatoes, some berries, and some nuts and just eat that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Your brain fog and everything won't go away or jump on the carnivore diet. Just take whatever you're doing and focus on lowering the inflammation in your body as much as you possibly can. Research that. If you do that, you're going to have clear thoughts. Then go to bed on time. Just just go to bed and try to get 6 to8 hours of sleep. Then stop poisoning yourself. All right? Stop smoking pot. Stop drinking consistently. You're not rich yet. You don't get to get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up on the weekends. All right? No. No. When when you when you have millions of dollars, you can go and enjoy your Irish car bombs and and butt plug your marijuana candies you need to take to go to bed every single night. Not yet. All right. If you stop doing all these things right here, your energy is going to get up to 80%. Which is good enough. All right. That's good enough. You don't need to be at 100%. We don't need to be in Hyperberg Chambers, Brian Johnson in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yet. Now, your focus. This is so important if you want to be successful in anything, particularly in business, because business takes a really long time and it's hard. Get rid of anything in your life distracting you. Just that's it. Until you've achieved your goals in life, but until you've set yourself up moneywise, no, you don't don't you don't need friends. You don't need hobbies. You don't need to be involved in politics. If you know what's going on in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] politics, and I know on Twitter, I've said some some pretty spicy political takes. Don't follow what I do. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You need to be better than me. You You need to have all this stuff out of your head. If you're walking around, document your head the next hour. What are you thinking about? If it's in your life and it's not making your life actively better, get rid of it. This means lowering your life cost in terms of how you live in your lifestyle down to zero. Most people's biggest stress is money. Like 50% of their time is focused on making money. Now, I don't mean making money for the sake of growth. So, when I wake up to make money, I want to grow my net worth from 100 million to 500 million. That's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to grow. Most people are making money like they're worried about paying a bill on time, how they're going to make rent, how they're going to get something useless object or something. I'm doing this to rack up a high score. A lot of people are focused on it to survive. So, what you do is you lower your threshold of survival down to zero. That means getting a studio apartment in Wyoming next to a grocery store where you don't need a car and you can get some weights and you can just sit in your room and lift weights and work until you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. When you're rich, then go do stuff. All right? It doesn't take that long if you just focus like that because all of your focus points are going into getting rich, which is what most of you guys here to do. This same thing I'm talking about right here applies to anything else you're doing. You want to be good at a sport. You want to get jacked. You want to get better with women. You want to do any of the things that males want to do but don't do. It's right there. All right. So, this is what you need to do. Reduce your life down to zero. Get rid of anything that you focus on in the next couple hours that doesn't add to your life that isn't absolutely mandatory. You don't need friends. You don't need to be hanging out with your family. If you have kids and you're young, congrats. You kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a little bit. But you don't need to be also be spending 15 hours a day with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kids. Like, find ways to reduce and get lots of focus time in your day and remove all the complexities from your life. Become a simple little caveman. Okay? You can have all these interests and stuff when you're rich and you've solved all of your problems and you're luring over everybody else. Now, finally, motivation. You have to get that your brain is not going to be unhappy from boredom. The reason why you become unhappy when you remove video games, TV, and all these little addictive habits you have in your life, the reason why you're unhappy is cuz your brain is like, "Hey, we had this really quick route to get dopamine and pleasure, and now you're like making us not do that, and now we can't get this chemical." It's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, bro. So, I'm just going to twist this knife in you for a few days. But what happens is your base happiness level, for example, if you look at people that end up paraplegic. Now, don't ever run this test. I'm not going to test this theory out, but what I've heard through the podcast where people talk a lot about complex things is that when people end up paralyzed, their life happiness after the first year ends up balanced out and they're just as happy as before they were paralyzed. What I'm trying to explain to you right now is that your base happiness is just going to phase out to wherever you are. Like, it doesn't actually matter what you're doing in life. There's people in jail that are just as happy as billionaires because your body kind of equates to where you're going to be. So, you're much better off just learning how to be happy where you are first off. That's a different video. What I'm telling you right now is that you need to push yourself to be extremely bored and it's going to kind of suck at first, but then you're just going to balance out and then the things you used to find that were really painful to do like going to the gym or working become the most exciting thing you have. So, I'm going to give you one other example. When you were a kid, probably growing up and maybe actually this might I might have been the last kid that had this experience grow up. I could usually sit down and read a book or hang out and talk with people without drinking. And I could just go in the backyard and like fight bugs with sticks and it was really exciting. Like and if you look at a lot of kids when they were growing up in the 50s or whatever when they didn't have TV or a lot of things, they were a lot more active and they were doing a lot more productive things with your life. People didn't just sit around and do nothing the entire time. They're really productive uh members of society. And why was this? It's because doing all these productive things wasn't painful for them. and they found it really engaging and fun. And so these people were not these people honestly were happier than we are now. So there's no secret to happiness in what you're currently doing. It's all nonsense. Then this amount of overload you're giving yourself is actually making you much unhappier in the long run. Uh so the thing I'm going to tell you right now is that again seek the boredom because eventually the boredom will be happiness and then you're going to wake up. So for example, today it's it's 3:00 a.m. right now. I'm pumped to make this video. You can tell I'm actually having a pretty good time making this. I'm putting a lot of effort into work right now making this content for you and I'm happy and I'm thrilled. Why? It's because last week I had a very big temptations to play Borderlands 4. I wanted to go play this video game. Load it up. It looked really cool. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. Why? Because if I had done that, I would not be enjoying making this video right now. I'd be itching to play Borderlands 4. If I load up World of Warcraft and start playing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] again, I start going and partying too much. I start going and have my phone and I have access to Twitter. I don't carry a phone in myself literally for this reason. I'm going to start wanting to do those things and I'm going to find making content for you very boring and painful. I don't want that because making content for you and doing this stuff in the morning and being excited about doing it makes me really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich and I like being rich and I like looking back on on a week or my life and be like, "Wow, that was cool. I like hit my goals and I fulfilled the things I want to do instead of reaching level 99 in World of Warcraft. Instead of having another useless gaming experience, instead of having another mediocre drinking experience, instead of watching a TV show and having the same experience I've had a billion times, I want to keep growing up in life. And I want that to be fun, not painful. So, to wrap this all up right here, if we align our energy, we're going to have energy to deal with all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If your energy is out of whack, you're just not going to get that. If we isolate our focus to only the things that going to make our lives better, only those things are going to improve, and they're going to improve at maximum rate. And then if we make sure to keep ourselves bored enough, and by bored I don't mean you're going to be sitting around in pain. I mean lowering your threshold for entertainment to where reading a book is entertaining again. You can get there. I don't know if you guys remember reading Harry Potter growing up and it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic. Now you have to be watching a movie with six pairs of boobs in your face at all times. A soundtrack from Kesha while you're on your phone and not even watching at the same time thinking about how you're going to play that next World of Warcraft bout. You need to get back to the baseline, buddy. Okay, you're you're living a little bit too wild. And if you do these three things right here, inevitably you're going to be super motivated to put all your energy into that thing that makes your life better. And you're going to be super highly effective at it because all your focus is there. And then you're going to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at I don't care if it's getting rich. I don't care if it's getting six-pack. I don't care if it's crushing cans with your butt cheeks. You're going to become excellent at it very fast. And this is how you own ass in life. So do it. Now, if you want actual tactics to make a lot of money, uh you should subscribe to this channel again because I release all my old courses, which used to be like 20,000 bucks worth of business building courses. They're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. I give them all to my subscribers on here for free in the community tab once a month, but you have to be subscribed or you won't see it. So, you should subscribe because they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rock. On top of that, because I'm a really great guy, I've also linked full guides on how to make your first zero to 100K a year below, then 100K to a million, and then a million to 10 million year all below. So, whatever level of entrepreneurship you're at, you can continue to hang out with me and I'll teach you how to do it because I'm trying to build an attention hub right here and make myself famous on the internet. So, I'm just going to tell you all sorts of cool secrets. So, that's it. Uh, I'll see you next

================================================================================
TITLE: Want to be rich but your lazy? Sell these. (while its legal)
VIDEO ID: 9fkH68UWSng
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fkH68UWSng
================================================================================

Do you think making lots of money is hard? Of course you do. You're a talentless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But lucky for you, I think making money is easy. And in this video, I'm going to show you what you need to be selling to make money easy because I don't want to intimidate you here. You need to know one thing about me. I too also am a talentless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I'm quite lazy. And so when I sell something, when I start a business, I want it to be easy. I want people to say yes to everything that I am selling. Therefore, I only sell one of these three things about to show you in this video. If you sell one of these three things, making money becomes easy because everybody says yes. You don't even have to be there. People come and find you. They give you money. They say yes without you even talking to them. It is like selling toilet paper at a Chipotle restaurant. Unfair, manipulative, and frankly kind of funny. And I'm going to go so far to say that if you're trying to make money and you're selling anything else and you're running into difficulties or your business isn't growing as fast as you want it to, it's because you are not using one of these three methods right here to sell your product and your product does not have this inside of what you're selling. I don't care if you're a beginner. I don't care if you're an experienced entrepreneur. If you wrap this into what you're doing, it's going to be so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easier to make money because people are just going to give you lots more of it with lot less resistance. So, have I sold it up to you? You ready to get started? Okay, let's begin. Also, before we get started, super quick, subscribe. I give all my courses, all my old business lessons, how I run my advertising, how I do all my copywriting, how I do all my sales pitches and scripts. I give that to all my subscribers once a month in my community tab, but you must be subscribed to see it. So, you should subscribe if you want those. It's free and it's like thousands of dollars worth of courses back when I used to sell courses. I don't do that anymore cuz I'm so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich that I I really just don't have to, which is why I'm going to give it all to you for free right now. So, look, the key to making a lot of money is being able to sell a lot of what you're selling with very little resistance. If there's a little resistance, people are going to give you more money for it with much less difficulty. I I think we all get this very quickly. But the thing is, people don't think about this. They just think, "What am I going to sell to the market?" They don't think, "How am I going to get my claws into somebody in a certain way that they cannot stop paying me money?" And more so, how can I easily get the clause in there? And then finally, how can I make it almost irresistible for the person to let me get my claws in them, make it just something that they prefer. They find everybody else out there selling a product and they come to me over everybody else. How do we do this? This is how you do it. So, the reason why a lot of people have trouble selling is because what they're selling doesn't have a clear defined ROI in the person's eyes that they're selling it. There is nothing that is countering the pain of buying. Whenever you sell someone something, you ask them for $50, $100, $500, $5,000, $10,000, there is a pain that comes with selling or buying the product from you. And so you have to have something to alleviate this pain. You have to have something that is far more comfy than the pain. So for example, if I came up to you right now and I said, "All right, I'm going to give you $100, but you have to pay me $50." You would do a double take. And you go, "Wait, what? You're going to give me double the money? Did I pay you?" And you would say, "Yes." And then the person would give you that a hundred times. And so what you need to find instead is a situation where the paying the $50 right here is substantially less than the comfy that you're selling them, which is the $100 right here. Now, I know what you're thinking. Alex, if we go around giving people $100 bills for 50 bucks, how are we going to make money? Well, you're not going to make money like that, you stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And that's not what I'm going to propose you're going to do. What we need to do is we have to find a way that people view our product as a $100 and view what they're paying us as the $50. If we can go and get this situation done right here, then we're going to make a lot of money because people say yes to Comfy. And so, I don't care what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sales pitch you're using. I don't care what strategy using. I don't care what your webinar script or sales process or anything is. If you don't have this situation in your pitch, it's going to be very hard to sell somebody. If I go up to you and I say, "Hey, give me $200 and I'll give you a $100 back or I'll give you some vague description. I won't I won't give you something back that's defined clearly as money back." Then you're not going to do it. you're just going to view it as a tax. You're going to view it as something that you don't want to buy, but you either have to. And so, the only way you're going to be able to pitch at that point to somebody is you're going to have to force them to have to do it. It's like paying their damn electric bill or paying their damn car insurance. Like, you don't want to do that. Nobody wants to pay their car insurance, but they have to. If you want to sell product like that, that's fine, but it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. And I don't like hard. So, how do we make this easy? Well, there's three ways you have to go about doing this to make it extremely easy. So, the first thing you need to understand to make this easier than finding a girl to swipe right on your short ass on Tinder, because we all know those are very rare. Don't worry, it won't be nearly as hard as that. The easiest way to make this easy is to sell breakage. So, what is breakage? Now, look, if you want to sell e-commerce products or something where you go and like fix someone's skin or something like that, that's a whole different other game. We're having to like really really sell stuff. I don't like doing that. I like to sell breakage to businesses. And if you can do this in a people's normal day-to-day lives, B to C, you can also do it as well. What is breakage? So, for example, if you go to a doctor's office, and this is just one of a billion different examples. Don't think you have to do this in doctor's offices, but if you go to a doctor's office, and let's just say they have their phone line, and this is a picture of a phone, okay? It has a that's a phone. All right? And let's say that they get 20 calls a day, okay? and between the hours of 5:00 p.m. and 8:00 a.m., they're just losing all these calls and they're just going to a voicemail and no one's following up with them. Well, let's imagine if we go and like make a little AI that actually responds and does all the chatting and everything for them and then books the appointment later that week right there. Just a simple situation right here. Let's imagine if they're getting 20 calls a day and there's five calls a day coming in between these hours right here. This has the potential to increase their business by 25% if we just get these people booked as well. So, let's imagine their business is doing 100,000 a month without this and they're able to increase it by 25%. Now, they're making 125k per month. What we just fixed right there, what we just found was breakage. This little system, this little problem right here between these hours of 5 to 8 a.m. was causing a huge breakage in their business. It was causing a leak in their bucket. By us fixing it, we increase their revenue by 25,000. Now, we can easily bill them 10 to 20% of that. So, let's imagine we go and bill 10% of that. Okay, we have a 2500 per month service right here if we're selling this. We could even automate, make it super easy, have a software that does it, for example, that's the type of businesses I build and we could build around 5% of what we're making them. So, we build them almost a,000 bucks per month and we don't even have to do anything. They just show up, they sign up, they get this result right here, which is what I like to sell. If you're a newcomer in business, you want to sell the services where you manually go and do this and maybe you build a custom solution for them using AI or some type of AI agent assistant or something like that. If you're experienced in business, you want to build automation so you can scale. It's pretty easy to get a business like this one to 100 200k a month, but then it becomes hard because you're doing a lot of manual labor. The way you get to a million, multiple millions of dollars a month like I am is you have to build a business like this. Regardless, what you want to first look for is you want to find breakage because if you look at all my pitches for my best products, for example, my software company, Hyros editor, show the website right now. It's very pretty. Look at it's look at that design. What we do for companies is let's imagine they are spending 500k a month to get a million dollars return in ads. What happens when people plug hyros in and the reason why our company has grown so fast is because essentially we connect in people's ads and we eliminate about 10% of waste in the ad account and we increase the ad efficiency by another 10% which usually results in people growing their ads by about 15 to 20% when they come on. So the result of that right there is them making an extra 100k a month at least from their ads. We can easily then go and bill them 5k a month. No problem. We can even just get them to pay upfront. The pitch is basically like, "Hey, do you want to make an extra 100k a month?" Yeah. Okay. Will you pay us 5k a month? We'll do that for you. And if it doesn't do that, we we won't bill you. So we basically just guarantee the free money. That is why the pitch is so damn easy at Hyros because we can just virtually guarantee it. And with most services in B2B, you can you just find the breakage in the business. Hyros was a fantastic example of breakages in people's ad tracking because people don't track their ads correctly and ad platforms can't all track it correctly because they all criss-cross across each other. We found that breakage pow business grow with the business by normal SAS valuations being worth multi-9 figures. Now next thing you should be selling and by the way all these lessons they all overlap on top of each other. So if you combine them all together you have something even more special. So next thing you should be selling is what I like to call stealth fish hooks. All right. So what is this? So, what we want to sell is something where people inadvertently put the hook in their mouth without knowing it and they don't realize the hook is deep in there and they have to leave it in until it's too late. So, what do I mean by this? So, let me give you an example of what we sell at Hyros in our air product and how it's a perfect stealth fisher. Now, I realize I'm talking about Hyros a lot here. Don't worry about that. I'm not pushing you to buy Hyros or anything right here. I'm just showing you how I designed my businesses and showing you one of my most successful businesses and how I designed it. It's probably the best example. If you don't want to buy Hyros or anything, that's completely fine. And I'm not here to pitch you. I'm just going to give you all this content for free so that you like me when your business does grow. You'll probably use one of my softwares in the future. So, what is a stealth fish hook? Well, a really good example of this before I talk about business is just going to be Stripe. All right. People go and set up Stripe, the good old payment processor, and you go and set up and it's free at first, and you just go, "Oh, okay. Not so bad. This isn't so bad." And then people go and they start making, you know, 10K a month, 100K a month. And then they check the bill and realize they're paying these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] three to $5,000 a month to run credit cards. Well, what do you do at this point? Nothing. Because you need them to make that 100K a month right here. They put a stealth fish hook in your mouth and now it's locked in there. And suddenly, as your business grows, Stripe becomes one of your largest largest bills that you get every single month. And you never even saw it coming. Okay? So, I'm not saying they're scamming anybody or stuff like that. Like, you you need what Stripe does. But again, like this is an example of a self fish hook. So for example, what you want to do is you want to sell something that is free up first and starts delivering results before they're ever built. So the way I designed one of our products at Hyros Air, which is basically it's an AI agent people put on their site. It detects the returning customers and are anonymous visitors and then runs AI marketing to them that almost every single time on average increases the business by 3 5% or some cases 10%. It's actually pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nutty. But the reason why air is so cool and very similar to Stripe is because we let people come and set up for free. They can come on and they can start generating money with it free. And so what's going to happen is a person comes on the air, they come in there, let's say they have a 100,000 per month business. Air is clearly going to start generating them on pace to be making an extra five to 7K per month. And then once they start seeing this money coming in, that's when Air starts billing them about 5% of what it's generating them. And all they see now is 5 to 7K per month coming in. They don't even mind this bill right here. And so what we got them to do, and I want to emphasize at the core of all these things I'm doing is providing value to the customer. It's not like we're like tricking people into giving us money and in a in a a extractive situation where now they're suddenly stuck paying us money and not getting return. What we aim to do or how you should design your business is if it's automated, you should try to get about 5 to 10% of the value you bring. If it's a service or manual labor, you should aim to get about 20% of the value you bring. Aka the customer is always winning the end. If you have a business where the customer loses in the end or is unhappy, it's not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. Just I don't I don't think I need to explain that, but a lot of people build businesses where it's like, "Fuck my customers." And they wonder why their business doesn't grow. Anyways, people slap air on their site, they put that stealth fish hook in, it's so easy for them to jump into. And if you can remove the resistance, for example, like it's a Shopify store, they click one click, the things on their site, they check back later, they're making free money. Then we build them some of that free money. This is how you want to structure your products. If you can ever get people try it for free and start making money and then you once they are making the money or they are making the growth or the results they're wanting, then you start billing them, that hook is in there and they're never going to leave and you have subscription. It goes on forever, which is the best type of business to run. So that is a stealth fish hook. Now, finally, if you apply this last lesson, this is how you get sales so easy that it's easy. I'm done making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] metaphors. All right, you guys you guys get the jokes. All right, I've hooked you enough. So look, the way to make sure people buy what you're selling and you attract customers effortlessly is you need to sell custom fits. So what do I mean by this? If you were running ads for businesses and you just run ads for all businesses, you're going to have a really hard time selling to a doctor. So you call up a doctor's office and let's say let's say you call up a doctor who specializes in noses, okay? You got you call up the nose doctor and you say, "Hey, like let me run your ads. Just give me some money per month." He's probably going to say no. But if you make your website all about ads for nose doctors, you have an extensive testimonial board of other nose doctors. If your business name is nose doctor dude, the creativity has plummeted as these videos go deeper on. Look, if your your business name is nose doctor ad dude, he's going to be much more inclined to give you the money. Okay? Especially if you find breakage and you're selling them a $100 bill for $20 and you're selling a self fish hook where they don't have even have to pay money upfront. You get that hook in there and you're specifically custom optimized for the nose guy. See, the best way to start up a business, for example, if you look at Clavio, when Clavio launched its email sending services, uh I I know this very well because I had an email sending company at the time and Clavio [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] us up and they beat us by using this strategy. Mailchimp and everything, all the email centers that you've already probably aware of, they were dominating the market. Everything was commoditized. There was no way to get an edge in the marketplace because they were already selling everything for like two bucks. It was ridiculous. What Clavio did is they made their email software only for Shopify users basically. And by doing this, they gained not the entire email market. They didn't get much of that at all, but they got the entire Shopify market and started managing the emails for almost every single Shopify store. What happened is that built them a I think now like a $5 billion company. And that allowed them to get the edge in. And so what you want to do on top of the things I just talked about right here is not just selling the breakage, selling the self fish hook. Go and make your business specifically for types of other businesses. See, the way a market is going to work is let's imagine this is an entire market for people that run ads for businesses or something like that. What you want to do is you want to find the tiniest sliver of the market that's not really being marketed to and you just want to market just that because a lot of times these parts of the market are just not being marketed to. They're they're um they're just they're having to go with generalist. All right? And so most of the market is going to be generalists who who do everything and these generalists are not going to have the ability to service this tiny part of the market like you can. So again, if you're doing it for a nose doctor, if you have all your ads optimized for nose doctors, you have custom audiences in Facebook and Google and everything based around people that need nose jobs or whatever, you have proven landing pages, templates that work for nose doctors, you have follow-up processes, you everything in your business is optimized for these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No one can provide a service that works as well for nose doctors as you can. Thus, you will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dominate the market. Now, is this going to make you a billionaire? No, because you're not dominating the entire market. But can it make you a millionaire or multi-millionaire? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes, it can. So, in conclusion, what you want to do is you combine those three things together and that is going to make m making money easy because what a lot of people try to do is they sell products that don't fit the criteria that I just mentioned and then they try and overcome it by using all sorts of sales tactics and techniques. For example, if you look at the make money online niche, how many people are selling similar make money online niches? You'll probably see 15 commercials like that as you watch this ad. They're all selling the same exact thing. So, it's not attractive to you at all. They're breaking all these principles. So, if a person is selling you like a make money online course, the ads you're probably going to see right after this video, they're selling something that doesn't have that clear money back to you. It's not a $20 bill for $100 that there's no stealth fish hook. You have to eat a ton of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to get in the door and it's not specifically optimized or different. So, it's not even attracted to you. And they're trying to overcome all this with some elite levels of sales. So, for example, if you look at my business, Hyros, like our ads are pretty plain Jane. If you look at our site, like I'm not using a lot of internet marketing sales tax. It's like I know all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things. I could get you to buy thin air if I wanted to, but I don't because it's a pain in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass to get you to buy thin air. I'd rather just sell you something or sell a business something where I don't have to try. I can get on the phone and literally be like, "Hey, it's $100 for $20. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you don't buy this." And they're like, "Yeah, I agree. I'm going to buy that." That is the sales situation I want and that's what allows me to easily scale. So, when you're doing your businesses and if you're having trouble making money, think about why your product is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard to sell and not how you can sell more of it by being all sales smart and stuff like that. Read less sales books, make a better targeted product. The end. Now, if you want to learn how to do sales, you want to learn how to do that, guess what? I have my special $5,000 secret mastermind. You I'm just kidding. It's all on this channel. I have videos that are linked right below this video on how to get from your first zero to 100K a year, 100K to a million a year, a million to 10 million per year. And there's all sorts of other videos on all my sales tactics. On top of that, if you subscribe, I link to all my old courses where I go through all my you want to see how to sell thin air. I go through all my courses where I talk about how to sell, how to run ads, how to get people to your site, how to design the pages, what to sell them, how to do all the crazy pitches. It's all there, but I only drop it in my community tab once a month. So, you got to be subscribed because only subscribers see those posts. So, you should subscribe and uh and then watch the other videos cuz they're all free and they tell you how to do all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just talked about step by step.

================================================================================
TITLE: They SUCK, but these 10 rules make millionaires
VIDEO ID: 0wZpdLe2VXc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wZpdLe2VXc
================================================================================

Throughout history, humans have attempted to make list of principles and actions that will make them turbo wealthy. Ray Dallio has his principles. Tai Lopez has his 67 steps. David Kfu, whatever his name is, has a seven habits of highly effective people. Heck, even Amaroth has 15 creative ways to show side boob on Twitch and make tons of money on Only Fans. These list right here, it's the key to success as some people will tell you. But I have bad news for you. These lists all suck in comparison to what I'm about to give you today, which is Alex Becker's turbo super awesome list of 10 principles that will make you wealthy as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And why should you listen to me? Why should you put these principles to heart? Well, I built a net worth of almost multi-9 figures without leaving my house while sitting in my garage yelling profanity on YouTube. All these other people, they had to try and do stuff. I've just sat at this computer and doodled for 15 years and built this kind of net worth. And jokes aside, I had to build up this list a little bit to get your attention. These 10 principles right here, I have seen in myself and every single successful person I know. I can almost virtually guarantee if you take all these 10 principles I'm about to lay out right here and you put them into your life, you are going to make substantially more over the span of your lifetime than most people do and at least substantially more than you would without them. I cannot picture someone being successful and not having these things incorporated in their life. And if you just apply these principles, it doesn't matter what business tactics or what you're doing, you are going to be so much better at it than any other human being that you meet. And if you're looking for the business tactics, all the lessons in actually growing businesses, I have videos at the end of this video on getting from zero to a couple hundred thousand a year and in getting from a hundred,000 a year to a million dollars a year, all for free. I don't sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this channel. And if you really want to be an overachiever, subscribe to these videos because every single month I give away all my past business courses I used to make for free to every one of my subscribers in the community tab, but I only keep it up for a few days. And you have to be subscribed to see it. So subscribe, you'll get those. Let's begin. So look, I've saved the first and most important principle for the actual first slot. The first one is everything is absolutely your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fault. So, I told this story all the time and it makes people upset. So, I'm going to tell it to you as well because being offensive gets clicks on YouTube. So, look, if you go driving at 2 a.m. at night, let's imagine you're driving through and you stop at a stop sign and then you gradually go through the stop sign and then a drunk driver smashes into you. If you look at most people's opinions of the world, everybody would blame the drunk driver. He was driving around 2 a.m. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face coming home from the bar, probably pounding a six-pack. Of course, it's his fault. He hit you. It's not at all your fault. But how does that help you? I want you to think about this. In this situation right here, you just got t-boned by a drunk driver. Yes, it's his fault. But what good is it? What good does it do you even if it is his fault? What good does it do you thinking? If you just think, "Oh, well, it's all the drunk driver's fault. It's not my fault at all." None. You're still in the hospital or dead. So, you have to change the way you view the world. If we're driving around at 2 a.m., look at all the decisions we just made. We pulled up to a stop sign. We decide to go driving on a Friday night when we know drunk drivers will be out. We decide to drive in an area where drunk drivers might be. We didn't research where we were going to. We decided not to look both ways 15 times knowing that there's drunk drivers out before we pulled through that stop sign. These are all things that if you look down to the minute of it, we could have done to avoid this. So ultimately, us getting hit by that drunk driver in that situation is our fault. This is not how 99% of people think. And this is why they suck at life. Because when things are not your fault, it also means you're not in control. In this situation, if we blamed oursel for everything, including being hit by a drunk driver, we would have not gotten hit by a drunk driver. Now, if you think about life and all of your life using this principle right here, you're going to see a lot of things that have happened to your life that you blame on other people, you could have actually thought about and avoided. Therefore, they are your fault. And when you start viewing the world like this and not this victim mentality that things are other people's faults ever, literally everything is your fault. You start thinking in second, third, and fourth principles and way down the line of how to avoid and get what you want out of life because again, you are now firmly in control. Everything bad that happens to you and good is 100% your fault. That bad marriage, that girl that acted crazy, that failed business, that person that stole from you, that time you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your pants at that party because you ate too much Chipotle beforehand and then drank way too many four locos, all your fault. And thinking like this gets your brain thinking in ways that allow you to avoid all the bad things that happen to your life and then more so start thinking how you can trigger the good things by extra overthinking about the principles of everything you're going to do. This is critical to being successful. Number two, this is a good old Alex Herozi one and I think it's the most important thing you could also learn as well when it comes to guaranteeing that you're going to be successful. Volume overcomes luck. A lot of people think, okay, I need to build a business. I need to get lucky. But the truth is, if you do anything for 10 hours a day, 12 hours a day, four years, you're eventually going to get good at it. And so, I know so many people that I came up with in business, they got started the same time as me. Every single person that stuck with it for the last decade is making over a million dollars a year. Most of them make a lot more money than that. And the simple truth is, yes, if you only take one or two shots in business or one or two shots or whatever you're going to do, you're probably not going to be successful unless you have a little bit of luck. But if you do something at such a high amount, for example, if you try to build a business that's based around selling something through CallFunnels online, maybe your first five businesses won't work. But if you build 20 of them and put your full effort into 20 of them, one of them is going to work. So eventually, if you just do the volume and do the amount of hours, you will get the results that you're looking for. And in life, especially when it comes to control of money, getting that one result, that one time where your business works is going to set you up for the rest of your life. And eventually, the skill and volume of what you're doing is going to overcome the luck. So, what you need to focus on when you're building businesses or trying to get good at anything is, am I doing enough volume? Eventually, it will spill over and luck will not matter anymore. Number three, embrace being cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I talked about this last video, but I'm going to tap on again because it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important. Here's a video from me back 15 years ago when I was in a tiny little apartment, broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to launch my new SEO blog. Hey guys, what is up? Becker here and I have some really amazing news today. But first, have some absolutely terrible cringe. Imagine going to high school with me and seeing that video during those years and being like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Alex Becker looks like such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loser right now. He's not doing very well apparently." Super duper cringe. For example, last weekend almost I did the first or one of the biggest pump live streams on pump.fund fun in crypto if you follow me in crypto over there. Went absolutely horrible. Every single thing on Pump crashed. I couldn't get connected. It was just it was just terrible. And it was super duper cringe. I managed to pull it off in the end because I kept my cool. But everything just terrible. It was it was cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And the reason why I'm telling you to embrace cringe is if you look at both of those situations 15 years ago and even last week, I constantly hop into things even knowing that I'm probably going to mess them up. They're going to look bad and people are probably going to make fun of me. A lot of people made fun of me for the pump stream cuz it all broke. He doesn't know what he's doing. Fine, whatever. If you consistently go and embrace the cringe, what happens is to get to the point where you're skilled enough at something or to be great at something, you have to always jump in the stuff and not be good at it and it's just going to suck. A lot of people spend all their time reading, preparing, doing all the little things before actually jumping in the pool and they never become successful. Every single person that's very successful, they go and do things regardless of how the public is going to respond to them, regardless of how cringe and embarrassing they look. You're going to need to look pathetic and like you don't know what you're doing and things are going to go wrong when you're taking risk. And that's just part of it. And you need to embrace that because if you're not hitting parts in your life where things are cringe or you're putting yourself out of your comfort zone and being at risk and putting your ego at risk in the public square, you're never going to grow. So pursue being cringe. Just get over. It's part of becoming great. In order for you to become Tom Brady, you're going to have to go out on the field and throw 15 Lady Boy limp wrist passes and look like an complete idiot and then have to sit down and analyze why your passes, why your things you're doing are not working and then you get better. You cannot get better unless you analyze the initial [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show that comes when you first get started. So, embrace being cringe. Next, you get rich from leverage. For example, I was watching I I have a pretty big house in the suburbs cuz I'm an old man now. And I was watching the lawn care guys outside mowing my lawn and everything like that. And I was thinking, "Wow, they are working so much harder than me." I'm not putting them down. That is hard work. That takes That's a square nineto-five job right there. What I'm trying to point out right here is there isn't any shame or anything like that, but they are putting in so much more work dayto-day. Hard work. Brutal work in the sun. That is hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] labor. I had to do a lot of manual labor when I was in the Air Force. I know what it's like. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. I was watching this day and I didn't put any work in and I made over 100 grand that day while they were out there slaving away and they made far less than that. The point is hard work does not make money. You can work and work and work and work and work and it doesn't it doesn't do anything. What makes money is leverage. And I've talked about this in other videos and I'm not going to get as deep in it as I want to. It's explained in other videos. How to get to a million dollars per year. That video, whatever it's going to be at the end of this video. You get rich from leverage. A few examples of this means controlling assets when they are not perceived as valuable by other people. What you get when you start a business and then grow it. The asset becomes extremely valuable and then owning that asset is what makes you money. So, for example, at Hyros, if I were to go actually and just hire a CEO right now to run the business, I could make many, many, many millions of dollars a year just chilling out at my house because I own the business and I have leverage. On top of that, from a simpler point, at Hyros, we have a lot of employees and every single decision I make at Hyros results in thousands and thousands and thousands of man-hour per week. So, that's massive leverage behind a decision that might make me 30 minutes to make. This is why Jeff Bezos can make billions of dollars while working very normal hours because he thinks about his decisions and his decisions which are really well have rippling effects that result in millions and millions of manh hours. So as you're working, do not ever pursue being busy or hard work that doesn't make you money. Every ounce of work you do should go into gaining leverage by building systems that other people use that are applied so you no longer have to do the work or gaining control of assets and then growing the value of the assets or just getting the assets before people actually preserve their value which is a completely different game which I really don't suggest playing because that's not easy to control. For example, finding something like Bitcoin very early on and buying it. That's going to take a little bit of luck and a whole lot of other mojo. What you need to focus on is when you're doing work every single other day, think, is the work I'm doing today, is it going into building leverage that I can rely on later on to make me money without me doing anything or is it something I have to repeat over and over again? For example, doing sales calls for your business every single day. That is very low leverage. The amount of work you put into there, it doesn't lead to anything new. Going doing the sales calls, turning it into a template, training someone else to run your sales team, and then having them run that part of your business, that's building leverage, and that's how you need to view work. Next, the way people view risk is really stupid. It's very very stupid. A lot of people avoid risk. They think risk is very very bad. The truth is if you don't take any risk, you will never have any level of success. Almost all success comes from taking risk and being able to judge risk and then consistently take risk because the nature of risk is it often does not pay off. The biggest bets you're going to make probably have the lowest chance of paying off. And you have to find and be able to analyze risk and take good risk shots. The way you get better at taking risk is you take risk. As I grow in business, for example, when I first got started, most of the risk you're going to do comes from risking your time. As you grow, you start having to risk money, betting on products, betting on people, you need to set up and live your life in a way that you can take as much risk as possible. So, for example, when I was building high-risisk, I reduced all my personal finances nearly to zero. So, I could take a massive big risk on the business. And even if the business had failed, my finances were zero. So, I could take another risk after that and another risk after that. You're going to see the big difference between people that are wildly successful and people that don't really do much with their life is they absolutely never take risk. They go to college, no risk, actually gets them in debt. They go and work at a job and they just work, but they don't build leverage. They don't ever go and invest any of their money. They don't take any risk with their job or their careers. Therefore, what happens their entire life is they just end up a debt slave and not getting anything they want in life. Not taking risk is the safest way to make sure you fail 100%. consistently reducing your exposure to risk, which in most people's cases is just setting your finances to zero. So that even if a risk fails, you don't get hurt, and then taking risk over and over is the most surefire way to get extremely successful because eventually those risks are going to pay off and you're going to get better at controlling and manipulating those risk. So for example, when I built my first business, yeah, a lot of risk because I never built a business before. And even if the business did fail, I'm going to learn something from that. So the next time I take a risk on a business, I'm going to have a lot more skill to control that business and grow it. So the risk gets smaller and again I'm keeping my finances, everything very low so I can take that risk over and over again and get better at it each time. This is an almost guaranteed way to become successful in life. So next one, do not stay in your comfort zone. And a lot of people think this only applies to you when you're first getting started in business. For example, a lot of people the reason why they never become successful is they get comfortable in a job that pays them enough money that they aren't in any amount of pain, but it's not the amount of money that they really want to make in life. But to avoid the pain, they stay in that job. Comfort zones are going to find you at every single level. For example, I know a lot of guys, they get to $2 million per year and then they plateau for the rest of their life because they took risk to get to like a million, $2 million per year, and then they won't take any more risk or leave their comfort zone because now they're comfortable. They're making enough money again to not be in pain to feel some form of success, but they really want to get up here, but they're not willing to risk this right here and leave their comfort zone of everything that's cozy right here to get right here. You're gonna run into this every single level of success. And it's so important to recognize that, hey, I'm getting comfortable again and completely kick yourself out of it because this is the number one killer of very successful people. They get to a point where they're making some money and then they don't take any more risk. Same thing with lower level people as well. Would you need to recognize over and over and over again every single week when you wake up, am I comfortable? Am I doing something that scares me? Am I doing something that is making me a bit frustrated? If the answers are no, then you are in your comfort zone and you're going to be stuck at this level. And what you're going to realize as you get older is time goes by very fast and you run out of time to take risk. Building big businesses, taking big swings takes a long time. It's taken me almost seven years to build high risk. I only have like three or four shots of that in my entire lifetime. You have to not only stay out of your comfort zone. You have to do it very aggressively and recognize when you're doing it because you're going to end up wasting. For example, in my 20s, I got to like $2 million per year and I plateaued for years, like five years, and I didn't understand why. It's because I kept trying to do things I was comfortable with instead of taking big shots like Hyros as soon as I actually went and started taking risk and got out of my comfort zone. My net worth grew past 9 figures. It would not have happened if I didn't keep taking those risks and push myself way outside my comfort zone. So another principle that I actually learned from my buddy Sam Evans who I think he stole from someone else, but we're just going to credit Sam with this is it's something like if you fail to sacrifice for what you care about, what you care about will be the sacrifice. A lot of people do not sacrifice anything in their life. They have a bunch of friends that are kind of meh that they don't really like care that much about but they keep in their life. They have all these obligations to parents, family. They have all these obligations to their house, their lifestyle. They have all these stupid hobbies they know take away from their life. They have all these bad habits that they won't give up. If you look at most people, they sacrifice nothing. And if you look at their day-to-day, it's just full of nonsense and distractions and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What you need to understand is that there's things you really care about in life. And you can only have very few things in life. You can only truly excel at very few things. Whether it's building a family or being extremely rich, whatever you want to pick, becoming the world's greatest football player, in order to get these things that you really care about, you're going to have to look at the things that you don't really care about that you kind of like that you kind of don't want to give up, but are not going to be important to you on the day you die. For example, playing World of Warcraft or drinking every weekend with random strangers or acquaintances that you call your friends, but are really just drinking buddies. At the end of your life, you're going to look back and go, "Man, I really wish I had not wasted so much time doing those things cuz those weren't important and I didn't get any of the important things I wanted." If you you have to sit down and you have to audit what you actually care about in life and you have to look at the things that you do that take up most of your time that you don't actually care about and are not going to make you happy at the end of your life. And then you have to sacrifice them because if you don't, those things you care about will be the sacrifice. And it's as simple as that. Next good old basic thing that every beginner entrepreneur [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and almost every successful entrepreneur [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You're going to see the retardation follows you around your entire life. It follows me around all the time as well. I have to deal with this same exact problem all the time. Now, one thing is better than five things. If you look at most people who are billionaires, they became rich from one thing. And that's because in order to beat other people, for example, if Tom Brady was playing football and then he decided to put 30% of his time into playing basketball as well, he would have not have been the world's greatest quarterback at all, not even probably top 10. And he wouldn't have been good at basketball either. If you split your focus, in order to make a lot of money, you have to be the absolute best at something. And unless you're in a very small pond of inbred retards who aren't making much money in the first place, you have to be very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good because there's other people in the pond or the ocean that are willing to make those sacrifices to be the best. So, in order to be the best, you have to sacrifice a lot. And the only way you can beat those people that are true killers, cuz at a certain level, you're dealing with people only that are very smart, very competent, and they're willing to sacrifice. And the only way to really beat them is to outwork them and outsac them. And if you are not focused on one thing primarily, for example, I do crypto stuff as a hobby and it's always kept as a hobby. I never take it as the number one thing. My number one thing is highros. That's where most my net worth comes from. And that's probably the thing that's going to make me worth 500 million to a billion dollars if I keep pushing it. I have so many temptations to start new software companies and new things. And sometimes I do start new software companies, but I never am the CEO. I'm never actively running them. I hire someone else to run them. If it works, it works. I don't ever take it super duper seriously. My one thing is Hyros in the company I'm building right there. And what I see people constantly doing, what I did early in entrepreneurship is I kept starting new businesses and new businesses on top of my main business. So my main business was like 50% of my focus and the other businesses were 20 30 split across everywhere. The big results come from that 99th percentile of focus. That's the place where most people aren't and that's where you beat them at. A lot of people have a bunch of other things they split their life across. Your way to beat them is just doing that one thing. I cannot stress enough if you look at most people who are billionaires or most big companies, you can make billions of dollars just from one company. And the easiest way to make billions of dollars is to have one really good company instead of having 15. Very few people started 15 different businesses and then got to a billion, 500 million, whatever their goal is equally across all 15 of them. It's usually one big thing. So just do one big thing and say no to everything else. And you're going to have to make that call. It's boring. It's not fun, but it's the best way to become successful. And then finally, my last kind of mental echard toll kind of advice is you need to understand that the point of business or the point of success is the game itself. You will never find any more happiness than the point when you're able to pay your bills. So whenever you get to 100 150k a year and you're able to pay your bills without going and doing something you don't like to do every single day, that's your peak happiness. If you're not happy there, you're not going to be happy with $100 million. You're not going to be happy with $50 million. And there's never going to be any happiness or or long-term fulfillment you're going to get from business. You're going to get entertainment and joy from just playing the game. So, one thing I encourage you to do if you're doing business or trying to become successful at anything is just enjoy getting better at it. If you've ever played a video game, the most fun part is when you're leveling up and playing the game. You've probably noticed if you ever played a video game, when you get to the end of it, it gets very boring and dull and you just like it's the worst part cuz now you're out of things to do. It's the same exact way with business except people think once they get to some certain point they're going to be happy or fulfilled. You should be fulfilled automatically by playing the game every single day. That's what you're doing the game for. The the game is not to end the game. The point is not to end the game or get somewhere where you can just do nothing cuz you trust me, it's going to be like when you're playing a video game and you beat it, you're just not going to be happy anymore because you are getting fulfillment from actually playing. So, as you're growing in business, as you're getting better at things, just remember this is the fun part. You're already there. You already have the entire world if you can pay your bills. There's nowhere to go. There's no big box. There's no house you're going to buy. There's no bigger box you're going to live in. There's no car you're going to achieve. There's no possession you're going to own. no matter free time you're going to have that's going to bring you that happiness that you're lacking. What you need to do if you are h lacking happiness and fulfillment is look at how your life is structured right now. Look at your day-to-day routine and say what about this isn't doing it for me and why am I making myself so unhappy? And the real reason why a lot of people are unhappy is unfulfilled is because they're unhappy that they're not happy. They're not fulfilled that they're not fulfilled. You could just cancel that out and be happy and fulfilled immediately because again there's nowhere for you to go. There's no better place for your mind to be at. If you wake up a billionaire, you're still going to be the same exact consciousness waking up thinking, "What do I do today?" You're not ever going to escape that. And so, the attempt to escape that desperate need for fulfillment or lack of is where the unhappiness comes from. Just accept that you're good. Now, if you can cover your bills or whatnot, and if you're getting to that point, just accept, hey, I'm going to get to that point. I'm gonna grind out a little bit. It's going to kind of suck. Once you have those basic needs covered, you have nowhere to go. So, just enjoy playing the game. And ultimately, the point of the game is pointless. You're going to die. you're going to forget everything. No one's going to remember you. This entire point of this little dream we're living right now, life has absolutely no point whatsoever. So, whatever point you decide is the point is the most important thing. So, realize there's no point to the game. There's no reason to obsess with beating it as the point. The point of the game is to enjoy getting better at the game. The end. And that's going to make you a lot happier and allow you to accept whatever position you are in life right now with glee and live your life and just be happy right now versus thinking, "Oh, in 10 years when I finally make it, then I'll be happy." that's no way to live and that's just going to drive you crazy and you're going to get to that end point thinking you're gonna be happy and then you're going to be very unhappy because you're going to be like that person who beats the video game and you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do I do now and then you're going to be depressed all over again because you're basing your happiness around a bunch of stuff that is incorrect. So these are the 10 principles. If you have these 10 things in your life, you're going to be way more successful than other people by default cuz 99% of people just don't operate this way. just having these basic principles in your day-to-day life, focus on them, making sure you're adhering to them, they're going to be more successful. The end. So, that being said, if you want to actually see the business practices, I realize this is a bunch of mental mindset stuff. There's a video on this channel that shows how to get from zero to a couple hundredk a year, free. There's a video on this channel that shows how to get from a couple hundred a year to a couple million a year, free. There's also a video that shows how to get from a million a year to $10 million a year, free. If you want all the old business courses I used to make on sales, copywriting, building funnels, how I built my businesses, they're all for free on this channel, too. But you have to subscribe and I'm going to post in my community tab once a month. You will not see them unless you're subscribed. So subscribe. That's it. That's all I got today.

================================================================================
TITLE: After making 200 mil, this is my best advice to get rich
VIDEO ID: y4-lHe1YJl0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4-lHe1YJl0
================================================================================

So, I'm about to show you something pretty dark. This is deeply embarrassing to me. I'm getting irks just thinking about you seeing it. And I'm going to make myself vulnerable here and make myself look like a clown because what I'm going to show you in this video is probably the most important lesson I can give you on this channel. You can watch all my business tactics, everything I've laid out, and how I've built a near multi-million figure net worth. Nothing is more important than this right now. So, please watch this quick video. Hey guys, what is up? Becker here and I have some really amazing news today. But first, have some. &gt;&gt; Who is that guy? That's me fat in my tiny tiny tiny closet Harry Potter-like bedroom paying $200 a month where I blogged about SEO and then helped get people onto my SEO service. As you can tell by that video, I wasn't making a lot of money then and I was also very fat. I was a chunky chunky healthy boy because I was drinking White Russians every single night when I went out. In short, it is cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You watch that video like if you watched it back then, imagine being my friend or family member. You go on YouTube and you see that kid from high school that you used to hang out with or that friend you know or your son or whatever family member doing this with that little tiny bedroom being like, "Come, excellent news. We got my new SEO blog up. Come check it out." And then writing very poorly written content on the internet. You're just going to be like, "Oh my god, what a dork. What a failure. Oh, cringe. I'm so embarrassed for him." Now, the joke's on everybody who thought that way because within four to five years, I had taken that business that was super cringe terrible to a $400,000 per month business. It was called Source Wave back then. And of course, it started dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and cringe, but eventually grew to one of the bigger SEO brands in the space at the time and made me a multi-millionaire. But that's not the point of this video. The point of this video is I'm displaying to you my one superpower. I am willing to make an absolute clown on myself. I am willing to be cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the sake of progress. And I'm going to share with you the ultimate point here in a second. The reason why I am posting this video right now, and I'm I'm not making jokes or anything because this is that damn important is because I do a live stream every Sunday at 11:30 Eastern. You should come join it. Subscribe. Check it out. It's a it's a really nice place to be. But on these streams, I answer questions ranging from how to get your first customer to how to how to get a nice jawline. And then whether Muay Thai is better than jiu-jitsu and self-defense. It's a real aimless kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show. you you it's really terrible content. If you're used to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's on this channel, you're not going to be surprised. But the reason why I'm referencing that is the number one question I get is how do I get started doing this? Is this the right thing to do? Should I do this thing right here? What if I'm scared or risk or just everything people can do not to get started? And I'm going to tell you right now, the reason I think I've reached a level of success that other people rarely achieve is not because I'm extremely smart or talented or have some special ability. It's because I'm willing to make a cloud of myself and be cringe. I'm willing to be bad at things. For example, here's me doing jiu-jitsu early on. I posted this video online. People just rip me apart. Like, look at this old 35year-old dude trying to learn how to defend himself. I'm pretty good at jiu-jitsu now. I have about 800 hours under my belt. And I don't actively practice right now. But I was able to get my blue belt. And I set out in my first year to get my blue belt in my first year. And I did jiu-jitsu every single day for an hour and a half to two hours, six times a week. And I achieved my blue belt in record time at one of the toughest competitive gyms in Texas. I'm very proud of that and I'm going to get back into jiu-jitsu, but I'm really working on my business a lot right now. I just wanted to point out again, I am making an absolute ass of myself, internet, people just lighting me up. And while I'm not Jackie Chan or anything like that, I'm pretty proud of my accomplishment right there cuz very few people can do that. Again, here is me playing guitar early on. Again, I post videos like this early on when I was playing guitar. People just lit me up. And maybe if you're new to guitar, you you don't know much about guitar, that might sound okay, like progress. That's terrible, terrible, shameful guitar playing. Just just absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But again, I'm putting myself out there and making myself vulnerable and willing to go through that first period where you just suck at something. And the first time you ever do anything, here's the big lesson I'm trying to pass on to you. The first time you ever do anything, it is going to be cringe. It's going to be embarrassing. People are going to see you do and go. And the number one way to be successful beyond all the business tactics, beyond all the things I talk about on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] channel is you have to get started and you have to keep moving forward pass through the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the crap and initial period. If you can do this, if you can just do this one thing, you're going to be more successful than 99.95% of people because no one else gets past this point. They refuse to be seen as a clown. They refuse to be cringe. They refuse to be looked down upon. while their status in society is already very low. People go to college. People go and get these degrees. People do every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing they can to never be a beginner and just suck at something for a year or two. For example, if we're referencing jiu-jitsu here, and I'm not a jiu-jitsu master or someone who could teach jiu-jitsu, anything like that. It's just such an excellent metaphor for so many different things. So many people want to learn how to fight. They want to be able to defend themselves. They want to have confidence to defend themselves. And they never do it because that moment to get on the mat the first time and go be an absolute clown and just realize you're a defenseless baby, they just won't get past that point. And so they do everything they possibly can to avoid that. And what the result is they go through their entire life not being able to defend themsel from a baby child, a small wee man. They have absolutely no way if someone came up on the street and slapped them in the face and said, "Give me your wallet." They have no recourse whatsoever. And the same thing, again, it's not about beating people up. That's not the point. It's just such a good metaphor because people approach their financial lives the exact same way. The number one reason why most my friends or people I knew growing up didn't start businesses or try to go for the clouds is because they didn't want to be seen as losers. They didn't want to go through that sticky icky point because people would look down on that and make fun of them. You saw that first video. I'll play a quick little clip of it again. Then we're going to be going over our whole entire um SEO strategy that we've kind of combined together that's working so well. &gt;&gt; Ew. Ew. Dis like you feel bad for Alex Becker. Imagine back then viewing that before I had any level of success and being like, "Man, that guy is he's really doing poorly after high school." Oh. Oh. And in order for me to progress as fast as possible, I not only had to go and do this stuff hiding in my little bedroom, I had to actually go and put myself out there. I would have never been making YouTube videos. I would have never gone into crypto YouTube. I would never have the followers I have. I would never have been able to build a business and attract business at first if I didn't just go and put myself out there and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it and just go, you know, this is going to suck. This is going to be terrible. Just do it. And so the point of this video that I think you can probably deduce from now is you have to accept being cringe. You have to look at something and if you're not feeling cringe doing it, if you're not feeling uncomfortable, you're not going in the right direction. When you are in these states where you're cringe and you're putting yourself on stage and actually putting yourself to be judged, this is when your growth is maximized. If you look at every big successful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you look up to in any type of realm, whether it's sports, whether it's money-making, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it is, every single one of them has these little videos laying around the internet where they look cringe as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and everyone's look at this dork. I would never be embarrassed like that. Thank god I just sit in my nineto-ive job with my chronic college debt and I never had to embarrass myself. And the secret, the truth is, if you don't go and accept being cringe, you don't accept being a clown a little bit early on and getting through that smudge, that sludge, that shitty period where you're the inexperienced newcomer who doesn't know what you're doing. If you can't accept doing that, guess what? For the rest of your life, you're just going to be a clown by default. You're going to be that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who's 40 years old and still making just enough money to cover your rent, and you're worried and stressed about money your entire life. You're going to be that person that can't defend themselves. You're going to be that person with no skills or talent and nothing remarkable about them because they just wouldn't be cringe. And what people don't realize is being able to do this is a superpower because when you put yourself out there to be judged, it's like pressing a rock with immense presser and you know that turns into a diamond. This is how you turn into a precious gem, a firework, let your color shine kind of video. But doing that puts immense pressure on yourself to actually get better and judge yourself and look at where you're going. A lot of people, for example, they'll play guitar in their their bedroom, never let anybody listen to it, never put themsel out there, be judged, and never like actually have to face the music that you suck ass. And so they'll sit there and it'll never progress. It's the same thing with their business. They'll do everything they possibly can not to get on the phone, not to put a video out there on YouTube, not to talk to people. They'll go set up businesses, LLC's, all the things, but they'll avoid the one point where they have to face the music that they suck and that they're kind of embarrassing. And if you can't get over that, you just won't be successful. But the joke is on all the people judging you. You're going to have people making fun of you no matter what you do. You're going to have people looking down on you no matter what you do cuz you're a beginner. But these are people that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobodyies. They've done nothing. They can't do anything with their life. There's nothing remarkable about them whatsoever because their biggest objective in life is not to be judged. The reason why people don't go and take [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] risks is cuz they don't want people to think of them as poor or look down on them. For example, if you lost all your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, what would be the worst case scenario? You get a minimum wage job, I don't know, and and get a cheap apartment and then try to make your money back again. Like that's the worst situation right there. The only thing that people are actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] afraid of when it comes to taking risk and making money is having their parents, family, friends, or whatever think they're poor and not successful. Okay, so your counter objective to that, the way you're going to fight that is just be poor and unsuccessful your entire life or just mediocre. That's what people are doing when they go to college. That's what they do when they sit on the jobs they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate. They avoid everything in their entire life. They avoid every point of success in order to protect their egos or how they believe other people view them. And it's absolutely ridiculous because you end up sacrificing everything in your life, every progress you do because you're afraid of what other people think of you that don't even think about you or care about what you're going to do with your life. They're going to cringe for one minute and then they're never going to think of you ever again. And then when you do this, once you get past this point where you suck and it's cringe, look, I'm not going to say, for example, that I'm now a jiu-jitsu master and I can play guitar and like look at me now. I'm playing on Z. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck at both of them kind of in my opinion. Those are just my hobbies. But when it comes to business, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. And what's going to happen is when you get past this cringe point, you're going to get to the point where people are like, "Oh, okay. Well, it looks like he's making progress and they just stop thinking about you all together." Then you're going to get to the point where you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great and people are like, "Oh, you know, he got lucky or you know, he's just got some super duper talent." For example, people saw Alex make $100 million in one day and all they're focused on is like his pitch and all the things of that. They haven't seen all of Alex's videos back like 10 years ago where he's like in a little dark room talking about his gyms. He's been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever. Like what you just saw was the culmination of 10 years of getting through crunge and sludge and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And nobody focuses on that. They just look at and go, "Oh wow, he must be so talented. I wish I wish I had that ability." And it's because you have to accept being cringe. And so my last words to you on this is I think I've made the point when you are going out there. Number one, if you are starting something, there's going to be these things you resist doing. Almost every single one of them is connected to public shame. People start the business, the main thing they don't want to do is sell on the phone or sell to somebody or put themselves out there on YouTube or social media, even though it's the most effective thing. Just do it. It's like again with jiu-jitsu when you go out there and you're wanting to learn how to defend yourself. The hardest part of actually doing it is actually starting getting on the mat, putting on your little bathrobe the first time, meeting some strange man you've never met before, and rolling around with him and just getting toppled and having him sit on top of you and you can't breathe. Like, you just don't want to go out there and admit the fact that you're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's the hardest part about starting any combat sport. You have to go face the music that you're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] especially when you're older. Imagine being 35. You go walk into a jiu-jitsu room for the first time, never defended yourself really in your life. We're in a little bathrobe and you just have to roar around with a Brazilian man. It's very awkward and it's like a weird experience. If you feel that ick that I just kind of described right there, you that's the sign you need to go do it cuz that's the thing you know you need to do. People just go around like I said before and they play with playing business. They go make a website. They go build an Instagram but they don't post on it. They they get an LLC. They write out all the little things they're going to do and then they like do everything possible not to face that one moment where you have to actually go and face the world with your business and talk to people when you feel like that. Number one, just do it. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] end. Now, how do you get past this just a little bit? What is something you can tell yourself to do it? You have to realize that the way you're viewing yourself and the way the scope of what you view your life is wrong. Let me explain. The way most people view themselves is not by how they actually think and view themselves. They view themselves by what they believe other people think of them or how other people view them. So they think about themselves, what they think other people think. Let's break that down for a second. So one, who you are and everything about you. If you were just looking at yourself through that guy in the computer I put at the beginning of it. If I was just me in a vacuum right there, what am I? Who am I? I'm a guy that wants to change his life and be better and more successful and not have to worry about money and all the good things that come with self-rowth and development. There's nothing shameful about that at all. But the reason why people won't do that is because they think that other people are going to think that they're a failure. So what they're doing is it's not even what people think of them. Because if someone watches that cringe video or sees you doing something cringe, they're going to go e make fun of you for a second, talk about you maybe a little bit, and then never think about you again. The truth is people don't think about you at all. No one really cares that much until you're doing something really big. If you're not important and doing big things in the world, no one thinks about you at all. But what people do is they base their egos around what they imagine that other people think about them, but the truth is they're not being thought about them. So you're creating this archetype or this persona or this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] narrative in your head where you're thinking other people are sitting around thinking bad things about you and then you think that is you. That is that that ended situation right there is you. When the truth is that's not you. We go back to the base one. You're a person that wants to actually change your life, make your life better. Two, people aren't even thinking about you. So you're imagining what other people are thinking about you and then using that to frame who you are as a person. It's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and ass backwards. And it's the most effective way to stop yourself from doing literally anything. And so what you need to do is you need to take it down to the base level. Who are you actually when you are doing this cringe terrible stuff? For example, me playing guitar like a 5-year-old baboon. Who who am I actually right there? Am I the world's worst guitar player and doing something shameful? Well, yes, I am probably the world's worst guitar player. But what I am doing is I'm a person who's trying to elevate my life by adopting a hobby that I've always wanted to do and get good at. And I'm putting myself under pressure and sharing my progress with the world. That's that's who I actually am in that video. I'm not some embarrassing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dork. I can't actually I am. But I'm fine with that because if you go back to the base level, I'm that first person who wants to improve his life and do something new and be great at a whole bunch of different things. What's shameful or embarrassing or cringe about that? Absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nothing. The only people who would actually judge that and be mean about that are people who are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers. Trust me, there is no one that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] successful that's making millions and millions of dollars per month or year or whatever. No one you look up to who's successful that's going to see you trying see you making an attempt at something and being bad at it and laugh at you and think you're cringe. Like they're just one, they're just not going to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like they got other things going on. Two, if they see that there's not enough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in their body to actually care that you're embarrassing yourself. Three, if they're nice or whatever, they're going to be like, "Oh, I remember being like that." That's it. And so you really should think about that as well because all the people you look up to and all the people whose opinion actually matters, that's what they're going to think. And so you're worrying about the opinions of people that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers. Like no one has time to cringe at you or care or laugh at you unless their life is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pathetic that that's like the highlight of their day. And so the highlight of their day is being mean to somebody that's trying to be successful. That person is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mud person. They're irrelevant person. They're a subhuman. Why? Why even care? These are people that go on Twitter, post angry posts, and get zero likes or leave comments and videos. Like, why would you care about these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mud people's opinion? You want to care about what the Tom Brady's of the world would think about you, which is one, they don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, but if they do see you trying, they're going to be like, "Hey, I remember being like that. I remember not not being able to throw a football correctly or whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing I was doing." So, backing all up in this video right here, be cringe. Accept being cringe. More so, pursue being cringe. Try to be as cringe as you possibly can be without being a flaming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bag of Cheetos dick about it. But again, pursue being awkward. Accept being bad. Accept being cringe when you try new things. Accept that people are going to look at and be like, except the first time you're going to look back on videos of yourself like this or whatever you're doing in your business and go like, "Oh my gosh, what was going on then?" This is part of the process and the process that gets you to where you want to be in life. And if you don't do this first part of the process, you can't get all the other good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, just love this part of the process because it means you're actually growing in the right direction. That's it. What if you want to actually see all the videos and stuff on how to actually achieve stuff and business and whatnot, I'll link below this video. If you want to see how to get from zero to a couple hundred thousand a year, there's a video on that. 100% free. If you want to see how to get from a couple hundred thousand to a million per year, there's a video on that. Absolutely free. If absolutely free. If you want to see how to get from a million to 10 million per year, there's also a big video on that. All absolutely for free. No courses, anything being sold because uh that's it. Go be cringe and awkward. You'll It's the right thing to do.

================================================================================
TITLE: Want to be rich but have no motivation? Use This (while it's legal)
VIDEO ID: Uu6Y0PGBfEE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu6Y0PGBfEE
================================================================================

All right, look you sad sack of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you're demotivated, you don't have the energy to go and pursue getting wealthy or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're trying to do. I have good news for you. See, look, if you've been browsing around on YouTube, people are going to tell you two things. One, you got to find your passion, something that excites your soul. And if you don't, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The other part of YouTube is going to tell you motivation. If you don't have the willpower to grind and suffer for it, you obviously don't want it that bad. I think both of those are wrong. And I can tell you that because I wake up every single day at 3:00 a.m., usually rock hard as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to get to work. I am excited. I am aroused. I am fully phallic. In fact, the reason why I get up at 3:00 a.m., 4 a.m., you guys might have seen by my Instagram handle, is because I need to be up in this state when other people are asleep. Because if I'm outside with this level of a wreckness, with this level of motivation, I'm going to catch another public indecency and end up in jail. And let's face it, with this jawline, with these looks, I don't need to be there. I know some jiu-jitsu, but that's frankly gonna turn on the butt touchers even more because let's be frank, it's kind of a gay sport. A lot of butt grabbing, a lot of hugging other dudes. So, I don't think my martial arts skills, my blue belt, and manhugging and choking is going to help me there. So, that's why I get up at 3:00 a.m. Alas, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I actually saying? I wake up fully motivated every single day, bust out 10 hours, and I work in ad tracking and analytics. Do you think as a child I sat down and put in my little dream journal, I'm going to work in ad tracking and analytics? Oh my god, I'm going to help people optimize their ads. No, I I didn't. Frankly, what I do ising boring, but it makes me millions of dollars per month and has built me a net worth of at this point over multiple nine figures. And what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show you how to unlock that motivation that I've had for decades through a systematic process that is predictable. You can just use this over and over again. Whenever you're not motivated, you can come back to this zen and you will be motivated again. I guarantee it. And it has nothing to do with finding your passion or your true motivation in life or grinding through it and suffering. So, let's begin. Let's talk about it. I'm going to give you a step-by-step process that I guarantee will make you motivated. You will have the ability to unlock tons of energy and tons of ambition by the end of this video. If you apply what I'm going to show you right here, I actually guarantee it. You have to understand the base level of this. And this is going to be something that you can use to solve almost any problem in your life when it comes to focus, motivation, or getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done. So what a lot of people are going to tell you like I said before is you have to find your passion or you have to grind and suffer through it. Now both of these things are not necessarily wrong. Okay? For example, you see a lot of people like grind, you got to suffer for it. Yes, at some point you're going to get to points where there's boring periods and you just have to move through it. Other people are going to tell you have to find your passion. Yes, if you actually enjoy what you do and you get into it, you're going to really want to do it a lot more. This is easy peasy obvious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But the problem is with a lot of these things is that the passion that they trigger even if it's something that you enjoy. Like I enjoy working in ad tracking analytics. I really do. But the passion from that is not good enough to overcome what I'm going to talk about right here that's blocking you. The grind right here, the suffering is too painful and low dopamine for you to survive if you're in this state I'm about to talk about right here. So both these things while they will come into play and are important, you're not going to be able to overcome either of these things or achieve either of these things unless you understand what I'm about to show you right here. So don't throw these out the window. Okay? But we need to get back to the core layer right here. See, the way you need to go and look at motivation and energy is you need to actually look at removal. See, what a lot of people do when they're trying to particularly improve their focus or get better at anything, in this case, energy and motivation, is they think they need to have some complex routine, some crazy complex system to unlock their inner spirit animal of motivation and get this surge of energy and wisdom that only some Indian spirit guide can unlock. That's not how you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. What you actually have to do is you have to analyze your life and focus on removal and getting back to the base point where motivation and energy is going to be unlocked. Let me put it this way. Let's imagine you reduced your life down to living in a 500t square room. Okay? You just have a bed, perfect food that unlocks perfect energy and health. Okay? You don't have access to the marijuana. You don't have access to pot. You don't have access to alcohol. You don't have access to cake or sugar or anything like that. You just have perfect healthy food right here. And then you have a computer computer terminal which blocks all video games and all social media and only thing you're allowed to do is to work. If you put yourself in this situation right here, I guarantee with 100% guarantee itness that you would find a way to make money and you would actually enjoy making money and you would work on making money and you'd wake up every single day excited to make money. Why removal? The most interesting thing to you in this space right here is going to be making money. See, the interesting thing about people is that if you really make them really bored and you get rid of all the things that are going to slow down their energy and clear up their brain fog, you're naturally going to want to do something. Like, it's impossible for you to sit there and do nothing. And if you put yourself in this state, you're naturally going to want to do something productive. And if you focus that productivity into building a business or making money or getting better at your craft or trade, I don't care what it is, you're going to get better at it very quickly. And it's going to be the most fun thing you do. So, let me back up and explain it like this. You might be looking at me and you might say, "Wow, this guy has the jawline. He has the boyish good looks. He's rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't think I could ever be as motivated as him. I don't think I could ever have the willpower attribute points that he has in his RPG character he's designed for his life." You can. Here's how. So, look, I have a business that generates me millions of dollars per month. You would think naturally that would be very, very interesting to me and I'd be motivated all the time. The thing is, if I boot up World of Warcraft, if I go back and start drinking every single week and I I I partake in the demon's nectar, I drink, I go and eat cake and eat badly, I stop working out and exercising, what will actually happen to me is I will get demotivated as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I guarantee you if I do these things right here, I've been in these states before where I find waking up and just eating bad food and playing World of Warcraft far more interesting than my business. I can make hundreds of thousands of dollars per day and I don't find it interesting at all. I don't even want to work on it. I'm completely demotivated. I can turn my motivation on and off like a switch. If I'm using a lot of social media and my brain is completely overloaded with video games, for example, I'm going to not be motivated to work in my business. You combine that with feeling brain foggy and shitty all the time from having a poor diet or smoking pot or drinking alcohol. Another thing that comes with alcohol as well is you're not going to be motivated or unlock your creativity for 3 to four days after getting really drunk, which I like to do. I don't I'm not a one to two drinks kind of guy. All right? If I sit down, I have an old fashion. I'm having a lot of old fashions. I know you Gen Zers don't drink anymore, but us us millennials, man, we like to get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. So, don't don't get me wrong. I I enjoy good ham boning every now and then. That being said, if I'm doing that consistently, my motivation is going to be gone. So, I'm not saying I'm the perfect replica. You should try to replicate. But a lot of people wish they could wake up, have the motivation to build a business, and work on it for 5, 8, 10 hours a day. Well, I have that. And I can tell you point blank that I can turn that on and off on command by allowing or not allowing these things into my life. Another thing that will also go and destroy my motivation is massive amounts of distractions. Okay? If my priorities are not aligned with my business, for example, I have tons of people messaging me. I'm dealing with just a lot of irrelevant nonsense like house stuff, I don't know, chores. If I have toxic people in my life, this is also going to destroy my motivation as well. So, if you can see really quickly, how do I become motivated? It isn't because I have some unruly passion that cannot be contained or I'm grinding or suffering. Like, I don't wake up and grind and suffer every single day. A lot of people tell you that's what they do. If that's what they do, fanfuckingtastic. I work until I don't want to work anymore every day. I'm not sitting here like and then doing like a little time clock boot camp drill [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] every single moment when I'm working. So, coming back to this again, the goal is removal. And the way I really discovered this is if you watch my channel way back in the day when I wanted to go and build Hyros, my biggest software company. I have a bunch, but this is the one that makes the most money. And I wanted to get to the point where I had a 9 figure net worth. I just went and sold everything, moved into an empty apartment with just a desk and a bed and I worked on my software company with my expenses being super duper low for about 2 years. Doing this right here, this process of removal right here allowed me to just go and take over theing world. And that's because I got everything in line. I had no distractions. I had nothing to kill my motivation. I had no distractions as far as finances went cuz my finances were super low. Like I had no bills whatsoever compared to the amount of money I had bringing in. And so this right here unlocked turbo mode Alex. So how do we apply this to you? So what we need to again do for you is look at removal. So what I want you to do if you want to get very very motivated is we need to look at two aspects of you. All right. The circle of motivation right here. There is going to be your overall brain health and energy and then there's going to be your dopamine/distraction side. Okay, so this is very badly explained, but that's okay. If if I've hooked you this far in the video, you've already given me the watch time. Just get used to dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] content from this point. But what do I mean by this? So the first thing you need to do if you want to get motivated is you have to actually get your brain motivated. And in order for your brain to be motivated and to have the chemicals being released to make you motivated, you have to make sure that it has the ability to do that. If you're drinking a lot, if you're eating bad food, if you're not sleeping, if you're not exercising, your brain is not going to have the energy and fuel it needs to make you motivated, and thus it just won't. So, step one, if you want to be motivated, stop drinking for 60 days. Just give it a go. Stop smoking pot. Like, absolutely stop smoking pot. Stop eating bad food. Get your diet absolutely pristine and start exercising and start going to bed on time. You do those things, you're going to have the energy and motivation to do stuff. The end, that's that's all you have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do. Just get your health in order. You don't even have to get to like Brian Johnson Healthy. Just remove the giant blocks and obstacles and the giant grill on your back that is your brain fog and bad health. And then you're going to have tons of motivation to do something. Okay? Now, we have to f then funnel this motivation into that something. And so what you need to realize is that most people's lives, their dopamine levels are just way too high for you to enjoy work. The end. So if you look at humans back in the day, the only thing they had to do was like hunt and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So what did they do? They just hunted and and tried to get the up the social ladder so they could [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You have too many fun games to play right now in your life. You can literally load up World of Warcraft and you can have more fun playing that damn game than you can have doing most things in real life. Like I've played World of Warcraft for thousands of hours. I will tell you straight up, if you're deep into World of Warcraft level and grind stuff, it's more fun than real life. That's because these games are rigged to touch every single dopamine button in your head. It's cheating. I know it seems like something you like, but the game is actually rigged to mess with your brain and actually touch buttons and manipulate it to be addicted to the video games, which isn't really a real experience. This isn't something This isn't how your dopamine is supposed to work. Your dopamine is supposed to push you towards something that is hard and then pushes you to a reward that helps your life. Games are not actually hard. They're set up for you to win and they move you along and addict you by pushing buttons that make you feel like you're winning and then they reward you with something that doesn't actually positively benefit your life. It's an entire trick. So, while they are fun and everything, that's not actually benefiting you. Now, I'm not here to talk about games. I'm just here to reference how you view your dopamine. So when you're playing video games or you're on social media or you're doing high dopamine things all the time, what's going to happen is your brain is going to say or think like this. Your brain is an A to B animal. It doesn't use logic when deciding how to choose what it wants to do. So what it's going to do is it looks at I don't know if this is exactly how it works. Okay, some scientists, well actually the chem chemical reacts to your androgen receptors and no, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. This is how it works based on Alex Becker's very 10-year-old purple crown view of the world. So, it's an A to B machine and it's going to react based on the dopamine you get from something. So, for example, if you play video games, you're going to get an incredibly high amount of dopamine very quickly playing that thing. And so, let's imagine you get dopamine from working right here, but it takes much longer. And your brain sees the fastest way to point B or the big dopamine release is to play video games. It's not going to want to work. Even though work is what improves your life and improves every aspect of your life and makes everything better, it's going to say, "Okay, this this route right here to dopamine is by far the most optimal." So, we're going to do a lot of that and we're not going to do this. And so what happens when you're watching tons of TV, when you're on Twitter all day, when you're on social media, when you're playing video games, when you're doing just anything that's really too high dopamine all the time, your brain is going to optimize for those things because in its sense, what it's seeing and it's in its signals that it's getting to itself is that this is the best way to improve your survival, standing in life, and give you the best chance to reproduce. That's what dopamine is for. It's to increase your levels of survival. So, for example, back in the day, the only way to get dopamine if you were a human was to go out hunting. And then when you finally caught that animal, you got a big release of dopamine and you were motivated the entire time to do it. You don't have to do that anymore to get dopamine. You can literally just boot up Fortnite and you can get the same dopamine that used to take massive amounts of work in the past. And so, this is why your brain doesn't care about work and isn't motivated to do the things because it's already optimized to get the dopamine that it wants from somewhere else. So what you need to do with this knowing this is you need to cut off these sources right here. So the only place for it to get dopamine is the work. And guess what? Work is going to be by far the most interesting thing you're doing. Again, I restate if I am partaking in these high dopamine activities right here. I will not find my work despite the ridiculous results it gets me. Despite the ridiculous benefit I get from my life, I will not find it interesting. Despite it being 10 times more fulfilling long-term than playing a video game, I will not find it interesting. Thus, I bet you won't either. Finally, the last thing you want to do to unlock your motivation is eliminate all distractions. So, the most obvious distraction in most people's life is their finances. For example, one of the reasons why people can't focus on things is because they're always stressed about their bills and there's other stresses in their life, the people in it, the situations. Just think about all the things that are going on in your life that don't benefit you. Did you put an immense amount of effort and focus into? just remove all of them cuz then you're going to free up your brain actually think and it takes a lot of energy and willpower and grind to actually work through all these daily social problems and just life problems that most people have. So for example, if you are in an apartment that's stressing you out or you have a a financial lifestyle, even if you're not making a lot of money, if your financial lifestyle takes up a huge amount of your income, it's going to stress you out and you're constantly going to be thinking about it. You're going to be stressed. this is going to exhaust your brain uh and wear you out to the point that you're not motivated. You could in fact just reduce to zero. So what I did when I was growing my businesses, I was living in I was doing pretty well and I was living in this big mansion, Lamborghini and everything way back in the day. And it's not like I was making myself broke, but even at like 20% of my monthly income, I was really kind of just stressing out. and I was constantly dealing with house stuff and that was becoming like a full-time job because the house was so big and then there's managing all the payments for the cars and and it was just so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was taking up my mind and cluttering up my mind. So, I just got rid of all of it and then there was people around me um friends, family, they're always taking up my time, distracting me. I just no. So, I moved to another city, got a completely empty apartment with just the desk and computer. Did what I'm doing right here. Got my diet and everything in check and boom, massive motivation because I had nothing else to do. I made more YouTube videos than ever. I worked more than ever. My creativity, my motivation to work was better than ever. And guess what? Within about two years, I'd actually grown my net worth to nine figures. And now using this process, I'm not as extreme as I used to be cuz I understand how to keep things in balance. Like, I don't touch video games for a reason. I don't allow myself to use social media for a reason. I don't drink consistently. I'll still I'll still have some benders every now and then, don't get me wrong, but I don't do that consistently. I don't smoke pot. I don't eat bad food. I exercise every single day for a reason. And so I've kind of optimized my life to be motivated. And that's why I'm pumped as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm making this video at 3:00 a.m. right now, excited, having a good time. And the reason I'm able to do is because the things I talk about in this video. So apply these things. Unlock your energy by improving your health and just get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] straight first. Stop drinking. Stop smoking pot. Stop putting bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your body. Exercise. Go to bed. Then remove all the dopamine disruptive things in your life. video games, TV, whatever you find yourself really doing that's not work, just get rid of it. For example, if you watch TV too much, smash your TV. You play video games too much, smash it. If you're on social media all the time, delete your social media accounts or uh have blocks on your computer and then just don't have your phone on you. Just put it somewhere else in the house. Boom. Done. Log out of everything. Don't have any of those apps in your phone. Then finally, all the distractions in your life, your finances, family, friends, anything that's just toxic, can catching up too much of your brain right now, get rid of it. And through this process of removal, I guarantee you at this point you'll be sitting in a room with just a bed, a computer desk, and access to work, you're going to find the work very, very, very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] motivating. And this is all you have to do. This made me very rich. It will make you very rich if that's what you want to do. Or if you just want to like, I don't know, become a professional banjo player, the best in the world, the Tom Brady of Banjo, this will also work for that, too. It works for everything. So that's the video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How I'd Invest $2000 In My 20s To Be RICH At 30
VIDEO ID: GI3nLBkvtas
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI3nLBkvtas
================================================================================

All right, you jenzy and goofy little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Title this video it's accurate. I'm going to be showing you how to turn a small amount of money that you obtained in your youth into a large amount of money by the time you're 25, 30, or all moldy past 35. And I'm qualified to tell you about this because I too, like you, was a goofy little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at one point. Broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the military, absolutely flat broke. And I turned a small amount of money into multiple millions of dollars within a few years using the tactic I'm going to show you in this video. But wait, there's more. I've actually used this technique to build a net worth of nearly multiple nine figures, which means that I'm actually rich enough that I don't have to sell you a course like everybody else on YouTube. I'm just going to show you to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do this. Let's begin. So, first off, you have to understand how people actually get rich investing and how money is made in general. This is the main misunderstanding right here. Money is not made by investing in things at all. The way you make money is by obtaining assets, very valuable assets, not including being able to spell or draw. That's stupid. Don't ever learn how to do that. Rich people do not use grammar. They don't spell correctly. And when you draw stuff, everybody automatically loves it because you're rich and they want some of your money. So, don't learn about those things. What you need to actually understand is that the way you get rich is by obtaining assets for much, much much less than they're worth. This is usually done by obtaining assets before the value of them is recognized or finding assets when they're very, very cheap and forcing their value to be extremely high. I know none of that makes sense. Don't worry, it will by the end of this video. What you need to understand about this is that when you have, let's say, $5,000 when you're young, $1,000, maybe even $250, okay? Instead of putting this in your World of Warcraft account character, you need to understand the best way to deploy this. Now, most of you have been listening to your parents or your families or whoever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you listen to about money that is poor, which means they're they're not that good at making money, and they're going to tell you, well, you need to go invest this in the stock market or a Roth IRA or or Pokemon cards or stuff like that. Now, while Charizard Pokemon cards are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic, this is not how you make money. Because what you're doing when you're buying into the stock market or anything that has agreed upon value, so it's recognized. Everybody knows it's valuable, is you're not going to turn this money into a lot of money because the value is already understood. So, Amazon stock is $300. Everybody understands it's $300 and you understand it's worth billions of dollars. You're not going to make a lot of money by going investing in something after everybody agrees it's worth billions of dollars unless it goes and 10x's from billions of dollars. And what would happen in that situation? That situation right there, you invested something before the actual real value was realized. So you saw something early before other people. You're not going to do that with Amazon. You're not going to do that investing in Nvidia. Maybe if 10 years ago you invested in Nvidia before people agreed on the value of the asset, you would have gotten extremely rich, but you're not going to be able to do that. And so I want you to really think first off that normal investing is not how you're going to get rich. You might as well not even consider that while you're young. For example, I have a net worth. Closing in on multiple nine figures right now. With my stock portfolio, my investments, with my ownership, my companies, if those things go up just 5% a year, I'm making tens of millions of dollars. I can pull that off because I've already obtained a large amount of value that is slowly going up. But you don't have a large amount of value to start off with. So what you need to do is you need to view money and how you invest money very differently. So the big question comes back to rule number one. How do we obtain assets for way way way way less than they're actually worth? Or how do we find assets that are basically free and turn them into assets that are extremely valuable? Well, there's two ways you do this. It is with two things, skill and risk. So what do I mean by this? This is actually a a chicken before the egg scenario. It actually loops back into it each other over and over again. Here's what I mean. So, the main way you're going to make a lot of money is by being able to take really smart risk and deploy money into these risks. But the main problem right now is that you cannot generate money. You don't have a lot of money. So, we need to actually forget this step right here. This is where traditional investing is or investing in something early on or whatever. You can't take a lot of risk. You can't throw a lot of money at risk until you have that actual money. So, the first thing you need to actually obtain is skill. The skill is going to allow you to obtain money and it's going to allow you to invest this money in risk. But then the skill factor again comes into play because if you have enough skill, you can actually invest in risk or create things that are risky and then use skill to force or mitigate this risk aka lower the chance of failure down and then actually improve the odds of the asset becoming extremely valuable. For example, if you go and invest money in a company that you're also the CEO of and then you have enough skill to grow the company. The company is worth $0 at first. Let's say you put in, I don't know, $5,000 in the company to build initially. You get the company to 50K a month. This company is now worth at least $1 to $2 million. And so that little $5,000 investment did this right here and generated you a return you will never see in crypto. You will never see in stocks. you will never see from that professional gaming career you're you're trying to pursue right now. It's not going to work out. It's okay. Don't worry. I wanted to be a Super Smash Bros. Pro back in the day. It didn't work out very well either. Thankfully, screening poop jokes on the internet worked out exceptionally well for me. So, you're not going to be lucky there either. You're probably not going to be a YouTuber. Let's face it, you're 5'2, not very good-looking. You're going to have to do what I'm going to show you right here. So, look, you're probably thinking right now, "Okay, great. This guy's just telling me in a in a very long- winded way to start a business." No. What you need to understand as I press control C over and over again and present to you in the most dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lowquality way possible is that you need to view money and time differently than other people especially when you're young. So what you need to do is we need to focus on this skill thing first. Okay. So what we need to do is we need to buy ourselves time and the ability to learn. Okay. Okay. And so the ability to learn sometimes actually means spending money to learn, which doesn't mean going and buying my course I'm about to sell you for 1997 here in 2 seconds. No, absolutely not. What it means is how do you how do you go and learn to play guitar? You you pick up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guitar and you learn to play it. How do you learn to do jiu-jitsu? You go practice jiu-jitsu every single day. How do you get good at business? People don't realize this. They think business is some weird metaphysical multi-dimensional being that only Jedi can understand. It's not. The way you get good at business is you do as much business as you possibly can and you keep increasing the difficulty. For example, if you pick up a guitar and you make your goal to learn how to play Nirvana, no one's going to be impressed by that. No one's going to pay you on stage to do that. But you'll go out there and you'll progress to that point very quickly. Now, once you get to the point of playing Nirvana, if you sit down and keep playing Nirvana songs or Teen Spirit over and over again, you're not going to get any better. That's when you need to go and say, "Okay, maybe I'm going to play some Metallica or learn some solos and keep upping the difficulty." So as you learn things, you one have the time to invest on learning it and then two, you have the time to keep upping the ante and making it harder and harder. The same applies to business. You want to start with simple things like selling something basically on Fiverr or selling or working a low-level job at a company. Just start understanding the business model. As soon as you master that, understand it, which should come very quickly. For example, you can pick up a guitar and learn how to play Teen Spirit Nirvana in about a month or in a couple days if you have God-given talent like I do. and then you go and move on to the next thing. So, let's say you start selling maybe like a freelance graphic design package on Fiverr, very low-level uh business entrepreneurship. Maybe you didn't go and make a website and you start running ads to it. You keep increasing your ability to do that. But here is where most people get locked up and this is why most people stay poor their entire life. And really, if you look at most people's money, they probably make out at like 25 27 and then they make 10 20% more per year for the rest of their life, which then doesn't result in a lot of money because they're not starting with a lot of money to begin with. So, here's what you do if you're young and and here's all the point of all the long-winded [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm saying right here. FYI, if you want a little help going and starting businesses, learning how to make money from the interwebs or whatever, I give away all the courses that I used to make, all my ad techniques, business building techniques, selling techniques, everything for free on this channel to my subscribers. What I do is there's a little community feed. If you're subscribed, you're going to see it. If you're not subscribed, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I don't like you. But if you're subscribed, I'm going to post there about once a month a link to all the courses. I leave it up for a day or two, then I take it down. If you're not subscribed, you're not going to see it. So, um, do that subscription thing. So, backing up, if we're young, our goal is not to invest in anything right now. It's to obtain skills to generate money. That's it. Once we have skills to generate money, then we can take risk with that money through building businesses or throwing it aimlessly into Frogcoin or Fartcoin. Those are the best investments you can possibly make in your youth. But, we can't start taking any risk that's really going to multiply money until we obtain skill. And so what we need to invest in is the ability to have time to learn skills and then the ability to take risk without having to take much risk. I'll explain these two things. And if you get these things, this is what's going to make you rich very quickly. And you're actually just going to repeat this thing for the rest of your life. And it will make you richer and richer and richer as far as you want to go with it. You just have to keep repeating it bigger and bigger and bigger. It's like a flywheel. It starts out very slow, but it gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. So what does this mean? You get out of your parents house 18. By the way, first thing lesson I'm going to give you, we can talk about this another video. Don't if you're living with your parents, you're a young man. No, no, no, no. Stop it. Stop it. That is what little beta soy boys do. You go move somewhere. I don't care. Move to a college town where there's five dudes living in a one-bedroom apartment. You be one of those five dudes. Get your rent down 100 bucks a month. I don't care. You do not live with your parents. The end. That's non-debatable. You live with your parents. This isn't going to work out. So, what do I mean by this? So, in order to learn skills, we actually need time and energy. And so, what we need to do is we need to be able to have as much time and energy set aside to learn these skills, whatever they're going to be. Maybe you want to go learn coding. Maybe you want to start your first freelance business. Maybe, for example, a really good way to start a business is to go work at businesses and low-level jobs and understand the business that they're doing. Look at a business that you want to start. Maybe find someone else who's doing freelance stuff on Fiverr, someone who's running their own agency for businesses, someone who's selling AI services business, maybe someone who's doing drop shipping. Go work for them for next to nothing and learn what they're doing and watch what they're doing. One of the ways that I got my start in business is there was this guy launching a lot of products and internet marketing products back in the day. And I would go and help write the books and do the things for him and he'd basically tell me what to do. And that's how I learned in my first couple months how internet marketing works and how it all goes together. The way I was able to do that is because I had time to learn. See, in the military over four years, I saved up $6,000, which in 2025 money is basically makes me a billionaire at that age because, you know, we had to print and triple the the the money supply to pay for COVID because, you know, that was that was terrifying. God forbid we didn't invest trillions of dollars injecting every person in the United States with soy milk. But we're not going to we're not we're not going to go on the red pill rabbit hole right now in this video. It's okay. You got Charlie Kirk doing that stuff. You can go check out that stuff. But I had $6,000 and this allowed me to move to a college town. I lived in College Station, Texas A&amp;M. And I basically moved in with two other dudes in a very, very small house. And my rent was like $200 per month. Okay. I realize things are a little bit more expensive now, but if you go and move to a college town or Wyoming or Thailand, whatever, and you find a place and you split an apartment or whatever with a bunch of people, you're going to get your rent down really, really, really cheap. I suggest college towns, Wyoming or Thailand. Now, what I did right there, and I'll explain Thailand here in a second. I know it sounds random. So, what I did during this time is my cost of living was basically nothing. It was like a thousand bucks per month. So, I got a job bartending and bouncing. And I was the worst at both of these. I was actually a bar back. I wasn't cool enough to be a bartender. And I was the world's worst bouncer. Okay? So, I spent my time going between bars and then getting fired from them for being terrible at these jobs. This allowed me to make enough money to generate about $1,000 per month working part-time at these places and then work on learning internet marketing and doing SEO for businesses. Now, I'm not telling you to do SEO for business or whatever. What we need to look at is the core skill that I'm doing right here. I reduced my cost of living down to virtually zero. This allowed me to go and basically spend all my time trying to learn businesses, how they work, trying to sell things. And guess what? The first six months, eight months, it didn't really work because I was learning. But I was able to spend that time, that investment of my time into this and learn the skills to eventually get to 5,000 a month. At this point, I used these skills to get a higher paying job at a marketing agency. And I learned how marketing agencies and all that worked. And then I was able to go and start my own services business, start launching my own products, start selling my own services to other businesses. I launched an SEO outsourcing company. And so my income went from 5,000 to 10,000 to 30,000. I remember my first 70,000 a month. And from that point, I was actually able in my 20s to build an income of about 400,000 a month. Currently, I do multiple millions of dollars per month because I just repeat this process over and over again. It just got on a larger scale. You might notice in this video that I'm not living in a a small tiny college house with a bunch of frat guys anymore. But you have to understand right now my cost of living is still insanely low to the amount of money that I have coming in. I bring in millions of dollars per month and my cost of living isn't even onetenth of what I bring in every single month. you need to do the same exact thing just on a lower scale. So, what this allowed me to do was to then invest all my energy and time into learning these skills. Once I had the money coming in, 10K a month or whatever, then I invested this money into starting software companies and the rest is history from there. I was able to invest and take risk and start businesses. And my first software companies, the first few things I did were just a complete mess. But I was able to take that risk over and over and over again because I had this money coming in to take risk with. Eventually, one of those risks paid off, and that's when I saw those huge increases in income. This is the strategy to get there. We go and free up our time and allow us to invest maximum energy and time into learning skills to generate money. And we then take that money and we take risk in it by investing it in bigger businesses or very risky investments, maybe like crypto or something like that. I don't suggest doing that because that's an extremely inconsistent way to make money. If you learn how to build businesses, which I'm going to get to here in a second, and invest in businesses, that's how you're going to make the big bucks very consistently. So, let's back up and break everything down if we can go and turn this into steps. If you're 20 years old right now, the first thing you need to do is unlock your time and your energy. So, what does this mean? Go and find somewhere very, very cheap to live. Don't have a car. Don't have furniture. Have a computer and a mattress on the floor. I did something very similar to this when I was building my largest software company. I was making good money, but I wanted total freedom and to lower my risk or downside. So, what I did is I despite making tons of money, moved into a completely empty apartment. I just had a desk. I had a bed and I just built that company and I didn't have to worry about my cost of living or anything because I kept my cost of living so low and owned nothing. I didn't even have a car. So, what you're going to do is the same exact thing. Find a very cheap apartment, cheap living, split it with five other dudes, move to Thailand, whatever. Live next to a grocery store and a gym. You literally have everything you need within walking distance of this apartment or wherever you're living. This is going to allow you to have everything you need at almost no cost of living. You can go work part-time. You can do part-time remote work online. You can go work at a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grocery store. It doesn't matter. Then you spend all your free time learning skills to go and build businesses and generate money. That's all you do. And when you get to the point where you make, let's say, $500 doing this, you need to double down and go to the next level this skill. For example, if you're selling cheap services on Fiverr, well, maybe start running ads to it. go make your own website, add something to the service that somebody else has. You just keep upping the ante from here to try and make more money. It's not always going to work out, but that's fine because your cost of living is so damn cheap. This allows you to take risk with your money and your time because your downside is next to nothing. This is how you want to be investing your money to improve your skills and everything like that until you get to the point that you're actually generating serious money. Then what we're going to do is we're going to invest this into our more higher risk businesses and things that take even more money. It's the same exact thing. the thing just keeps getting bigger and bigger. At first, your risk only was the time that you're putting in the skills and the time you're having to put into unlocking the time, which is basically working that part-time job. Once you're able to quit the part-time job, your risk is going and putting the money into improving your business and taking bigger shots. So then once we put into our serious investments, what we're going to do is we're going to make it lopsided by also not just investing in things like our businesses, but also applying our skill to it to make sure the businesses work. This isn't always going to work out, but this is going to allow us to obtain assets, businesses value for next to nothing and then use money to get it going and then leverage it and reduce the chance of failure by investing our skills that we've acquired into it, which is going to lower the chance of failure. And because our cost of living and everything we have is so insanely cheap, this is going to allow us to take this risk over and over again until it simply works. Thus essentially guaranteeing that if we just do this process that I talked about right here, it allows us to take risk over and over again while our skills increase. Eventually, your skills are going to get to the point where it's so good that the risk you're taking is almost minimal because you can consistently just pull it off. For example, I I could start any business I want right now, write the website, do all the sales copy, create the sales processes, start running ads to it, and I could build a profitable business with almost 100% success rate. Now, I'm not saying it would be successful the businesses I have now. You do need to actually go and do a lot of crazy stuff if you want to make a business that's worth nine figures like I have. Now, the flip side of that is there are entrepreneurs who can build a nine figure business every single time like clockwork. And I want to get to that point where that's easy for me, but that will probably be the point where I'm a billionaire. Do you see how this works? As you get higher and higher, the successes are easier and easier to get. So, we're going to be growing our skills while taking repeatable risk. And the thing with the risk is if it falls through or it breaks apart, aka you get punched in the face, it doesn't matter because your cost of living is so cheap. So, for example, right now, I take really huge risk all the time at my business. Sometimes I'll just reinvest all the money we make into growing the business. I can do that because my cost of living, like all my businesses, everything in my life could explode and I could live like I'm living right now for the next 30 years till I die. I could I could mit a day down and just live off the passive income from my portfolios and passive investments. Like I have no fear. I can take risk over and over again. That makes me very strong. You simply want to achieve the same thing on a lower scale, which means again when you're 20 and broke, you get your cost of living so cheap that you can easily cover it with a part-time job. And the cool thing is as your skills improve, you'll be able to get remote jobs that pay a lot more. 20, $30, $50 per hour. You use that while building your businesses. For example, when I was getting into SEO and internet marketing, I got good enough that I could land a marketing job. This gave me an extra 3,000 4,000 bucks per month of cushion on top of the money I was making for my internet businesses, which then allowed me to take a lot more risk much more quickly. And then the thing just compounds on itself like that flywheel effect that I talked about earlier on. And so you start off with nothing. Your skills start improving and generating you money. This allows you to take risk, which then allows you to keep improving your skills and make more money and then take more risk, which then allows you to improve your skills and make even more money and take more risk. And as long as you keep your cost of living very cheap, the system just compounds on itself. And you can increase your cost of living as the system gets bigger. So, for example, when you first get started, no, you need to keep your cost like a,000 bucks per month. But if you're making a million dollar per month, $2 million per month, you can spend $50,000 a month. No shit's given. It just doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter. Same exact thing. your cost of living if you want to improve your lifestyle. It improves as this improves but it tails it. It always stays within line so you can keep taking risk to keep improving your skills. And this my silly little Gen Z [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friend is how from 20 years old you go and get rich. You repeat this process over and over again and you keep investing in this way. Once you have millions and millions and millions of dollars, go invest in the stock market. You get $100 million you put in the stock market grows 58% a year. Great. You're making5 8 million a year passively. But you're not there yet. and that passive income or whatever does, you're not going to do it with the little bit of money you have right now. So, don't even think about investing. You need to get to the point where you can generate money, enough money to where your investments actually pay you passive income. So, the last tip I'm going to give you right now is, for example, I didn't start investing in stocks or passive income or real estate or anything like that until I had tens of millions of dollars. Now, I've realized you should probably start a little bit earlier than that, but I didn't care because I didn't really matter. I was generating so much money for my businesses, the m the money that would come from these investments was irrelevant. at about $10 million, I can generate about $500,000 a year completely passively. And so that's when I did it, just to start covering my entire lifestyle and keep my downside extremely low and my ability to take risk at all times high because now the investments just cover everything. I cannot be punched in the face even if all my businesses and everything explode. This is how you need to view money. This is how you invest to get rich. Just like the title of the video said, I have delivered. Now, if you want to see actual ways to build businesses, strategies to do that, I broke down two guides right here. One is how to get from zero to maybe a couple hundred thousand a year. The other is how to get from a couple hundred,000 a year to a million dollar a year. It's all broken down there step by step. And every tactic inside there, the sales, the copyrightiting, everything is on this channel or in those free courses I said I'm going to give to you if you subscribe. Just watch the community section. That's it. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: Why Having A "Personal Brand" Will Ruin Your Life
VIDEO ID: GVJyGHEW1WM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVJyGHEW1WM
================================================================================

gentlemen and two women that watch this channel. As the number one business advice guy on the internet, I have to give you one piece of advice. Don't ever become an influencer. Just just don't do it. It is the worst way to make money in the history of making money. And almost without exception, every single influencer ends up broke, poor, frustrated, and in this weird purgatory like hell that's mixed between being a aging Miami stripper and an very underpaid plantation worker who cannot get off the plantation, cannot keep working, or their income will go to zero. It is terrible, but many people don't see this because it all kind of goes on behind the scenes. And this is why so many people 2025, they're whipping out their phones. All the kids want to be YouTubers. Everyone wants to be an influencer because they think it's a way to get rich fast. And the truth is, yes, it is. It's also a way to make sure you're poor for the rest of your life and just ruin everything and hate your life. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through how that happens and show you the one caveat, the one way to actually transition this, make influencing work so you don't end up in hell. Because that's where most influencers, most of the people you see online chuck in their supplements, chucking their courses, becoming really big for a period of time. This has happened to all of them. We've even seen it happen literally in the last four or five years to most influencers, even the biggest ones possible. The bigger you get, the worse this impacts your life and the more poor this makes you eventually. And I'm qualified to tell you this because I was going down this path in my 20s. I saw this and said, "Fuck no, no more." I stopped doing it and I built the type of businesses I'm going to talk about in this video that you should be transitioning to if you ever get into the influencing thing. And that allowed me to build a near multi-figure net worth without having to make videos, without having to shake my ass on the internet. And right now, I make videos and I make content in a very specific way to make sure I never end up in this hellhole that most influencers end up in. So, if you're considering doing this in 2025, I think I've laid out the scary warning enough to catch your interest. Let's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk about this. So, first off, when I talk about influencing here, I'm talking about people that go and get normal famous on internet, then have to sell courses, have to sell cosmetics, have to sell any type of product, that type of influencer. Look, if you want to go shake your ass on only Only Fans, become an Only Fans guy, or if you're one of the two girls watching this channel, only fans go, I think we all understand that's a bad idea. Naturally has consequences later on life. So, I'm not going to touch on that. You got my full support. Go ahead. If you're a talentless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the only way you can make money is taking off your clothes and showing your tits or your acornsized dick. I know some chicks are into that. I fully support it. Make the money however you got to make it. That said, I want to talk about the more normal type of influencer. So, the reason why everybody wants to be an influencer is you see everybody get into influencing and then they blow up and then they get rich by doing nothing. So, for example, you see all sorts of examples of people like Libert for example back making tons of money. You saw for a period of time Logan Paul converted his fame into prime and it supposedly was almost worth like a billion dollars. I think you saw like Dan Lock a few years ago just slinging courses making a ton of money. Now he's completely disappeared. There was Jeffree Star another really good example super famous in skincare and stuff like that making like 1520 million launches of a skincare product then completely gone. And I can really count on one finger like I think Mr. beast and maybe I I can't name any other influencers off the top of my head that have started in the last 10 years, built a company or product. The product is now super extremely successful, kept going, and their career is still going in a nice comfy way. I can't name anybody like that. And I'm not talking about mainstream celebrities. I'm not talking about celebrity, the Kardashians or something like that. That's a whole different other thing. The YouTube social media influencers, what I'm referencing here, because they don't have the advantage that celebrities have, which I'll get to in this video. So, what am I trying to point out here? Every single person you see who goes and gets big on the internet and then makes their money from being big on the internet, eventually this terrible, terrible thing happens to every single one of them. And if you don't see this coming and you try to start a personal brand, you try to get into influencing, it's going to happen to you. And you need to know about it because it sucks. It doesn't matter what level of influencing you get to. This happens to everybody. And the bigger you get, the more dangerous it actually becomes cuz you you get so addicted to this hype train right here that's going on that you're going to get caught by it completely blindsided unless you're abundantly aware of it and you're building your business the right way. So without further ado, let me explain this phenomenon that happens exclusively to social media influencers. It ends up putting them into purgatory social media influencer hell. So, what happens is you get on the internet and a lot of people start watching your videos, especially if you're a hit upfront and you start building up this huge following of people and they're willing to buy basically whatever you sell. If you get big enough on the internet, you get big enough on, you can sell literally a carbon copy of anything else that's working on the market and they will just buy it all up. They'll buy tons and tons and tons and tons of it. Really good example of this was like Logan Paul's Prime. He just launched that billion dollar valuation company. Absolutely exploding. But every part of your business and every part of your brand and every part of your products is not based on value. And this puts you in a really dangerous situation because I want you to think about products that you use every day in your life. All the software that you use, all the the food products or cosmetics or supplements or anything you have around you that you consistently buy over and over again, it's all based around value. You probably didn't have an influencer tell you to buy these things. You probably didn't even see an ad for them. you probably just kept buying them because you like the product and the value you get from it. For example, I love chameleon cold brew coffee. I drink a lot of these things every single day. For all you people that know I got off caffeine, this is this device that I have. Uppers are just my thing if you can't tell in the videos, but I keep the uppers of that. I only do cocaine, a little bit of X before like every other fourth video if I'm sleepy or something like that. I keep it mostly clean with the caffeine. Pinky promise. But look, how many influencer coffees or how many influencer drinks have you seen come and go in the past couple years? How many people have you seen come out to the scene, get really famous, like everybody's raving and raving about about them, they start selling courses and everybody's buying them all up and then they just kind of disappear and slowly people stop watching their videos. For example, like Andrew Tate four years ago, millions of views every single video. I don't even really know what they're doing anymore. This isn't like a a plug or anything on that. Maybe they're doing fine. I don't know. I'm just saying that what happens in social media is when you are selling products that are basically commoditized and don't really have a particular value other than your brand to them. The only thing that's actually fueling your brand is hype. And the only way you can actually make money is extracting from your followers. This is how you spell extracting in Cllingon, by the way. This that's what the con the handwriting is. So this becomes very very nasty up to a point and you won't spot it until it happens. See what's going on right here is your business model is based around two things that are very hard to sustain. Hype and then sustaining hype while also extracting at the same time. Now, I'm not saying that every social media influencer is a scammer or anything like that. But when your your entire product is based around these things right here, this is what's pumping it up. For example, I don't think Prime Energy Drink is a scam at all. I just think it's it's a pretty average product in a completely commoditized saturated market of energy drinks. And so when your product is completely backed up and based on this, your business becomes doomed because these things are impossible to sustain. Okay? The only thing that really keeps people buying long term is going to be value. You can be the most famous person on planet Earth. If your product doesn't have the value or it's commoditized, basically when your hype starts to go down or starts to wear off, the value isn't there to sustain it and then you just eventually lose all your money. But this is what people don't get about influencing and the extraction model. And by extraction, again, I want to stress, I'm not saying that they're scams. I'm saying that you're basically pulling money out of your audience. And when the value isn't there behind it, where they're put where they're spending $1 and they're getting four back in their mind, whatever the result of the product is, what happens is it can't be sustained. And so the product eventually kills itself and then the hype ends up not being sustainable and that doubles down and double kills the product. So for example, if you look at like Prime Energy Drink, that thing was making so much sales, the sales are down 90% now. Why? Why? It's because the entire thing was based around hype and extraction. I'm not saying it's a scam. I'm just saying that it was pulling money out without giving equivalent value back and the hype wasn't able to then sustain it. But you can look at this with every single online influencer. Look at all the make money online gurus who have popped up in the last 5 years. They are now gone. Look at all the people that popped up in skincare and cosmetics and protein powder and lifting stuff who were got really, really, really big. Now they're all gone. Look at all the influencers who were getting hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views in 2020 2021 and now they're not getting any views. And so to make this point clear, this is a lethal way to operate because you do not want to there's only one thing worse than than being broke. It's going from broke to making a lot of money to then being broke again. And so the reason why this model never absolutely works is because it's again based around hype and extraction. And you're might be thinking, well, you can't keep hype going forever. Well, no, you can. For example, if you look at like Taylor Swift or most mainstream celebrities, the Kardashians, uh they've kept the hype going for like a century at this point, but that's because they are assisted by the mainstream media or the corporate media who has permanent control over what people view and what people see. So, it's not really based around what people want to see and what they want to click and where their hype is is going. It's basically they tell people, "This person's famous and you need to follow them." And they control the airwaves. are not going to take these people off TV no matter how boring or whatever they get. They don't have to keep shaking their ass to the same degree that originally made them famous. For example, you're just going to keep seeing Pedro Pascal everywhere regardless if you actually like them or not. He's just going to be famous whether you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it or not. You You want Pedro Pascal in the movie? Guess what? There he is. You go to a movie, four out of five of them Pedro Pascal. That that's just what you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get because this is what they tell you to eat and a lot of people eat it. But this is an advantage that social media influencers do not have. Because what you need to understand is why this hype is unsustainable on social media is because the algorithm is basically always looking for the next popular person. So when you become an influencer, it's basically like you are an 18-year-old at a Miami strip club. So you're there, you're perky, you're hot, everyone's really into you. And the club promoter, who is the algorithm, is going to be like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're you're the best thing ever. going to be pumping up, putting on the posters and everything, but then you go and you you turn into rotted middle cat 22. I don't know. For the the two girls watching this channel, it's been nice. It's been nice knowing you here. This is the speech that's going to chase away the last two watching. But all right, 18-year-old girl turns rotten at 22. Let's just say 30. Okay. All right. We'll we'll retain the two viewers. Anyways, what's going to happen to the strip club is the promoter and everyone is going to say, "Okay, well, this person's not the the new best thing." and there's going to be another 18-year-old that they want to promote to make money because it makes them more money when someone's getting popular and based on what the customers want. They're going to have a hard time selling and consistently boosting up some 30-year-old stripper who's aging out of the workplace when there's again hundreds of little 18-year-olds waiting in the lobby for their chance to play. And so, the audience is going to be one more fascinated with 18-year-olds. The algorithm is going to be more fascinated with the 18-year-olds. And you are going to have only one option to keep the attention and the algorithm backing you is you have to just get more extreme and shake your ass harder and harder and harder. You don't get to keep doing the same stuff that got you famous at 18, you have to double down and triple down or whatever cuz not only are you aging out of everything. On top of that, everything you've done has been seen before. So, I'm sure you've seen influencers that got really big like a few years ago being like alpha male red pill Andrew Tate style. You saw the influencers that got big doing that. Like everybody's seen these videos now. Like nobody [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares about women ruining men and men's basic lifestyle. They don't care anymore. You can see that's clearly on the decline now. And all those guys who built their brand around all their views are starting to decline because the algorithm just doesn't care anymore. It's all been seen before. And so the only way they're going to be able to get back and keep making money is they're going to have to switch it up and shake their ass much harder and do something different. But they've already done so much extreme stuff like how much crazy stuff, how much crazy stuff can you see in videos? How much crazy lifestyle can you show before it just becomes boring? For example, a really good example, Dan Blazerian back when he started his first content of posting strippers and whatever on on Instagram. It was all cool. I I thought it was pretty funny. You know, he's riding around the club throwing cake at people, drinking, uh doing drugs, doing steroids, hanging out with hot paid escorts all the time. Looks like fun. But you can see over time people just got tired of it. People stopped caring and he didn't change it up. and he just got old and now he's like 46, 47 selling like courses on how to date women and nobody's watching his videos. Nobody's really cares about Instagram and his company imploded because the hype and everything isn't there anymore. Very similar to every other influencer out there. And so you can see based on the system right here, people are promoting other people in his place now. The algorithm is like, "Okay, done with you. You're not going to keep people clicking. You're not going to keep their attention." Pow! Right back to new 18-year-old. And think of all the 18-year-olds who are coming up right now that are famous out of nowhere. I think like a good example would be like Aiden Ross or something like that. I'm not saying these people are going to fail, but the internet becomes obsessed with other people and they forget about everybody else. This is the difference between this and a mainstream celebrity where you have control over the narrative. The algorithm is going to constantly keep replacing you. Now, here's where it gets really, reallying lethal. As you age out of this and the algorithm stops rewarding you, you're just going to get tired. Trust me, I was making videos when I was like 22, 23, and I was building up my brand. And I was getting more famous on Instagram, doing these events, speaking stuff like that. And I was launching courses and whatnot. And I was like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is like tiring. I am I'm tired of having to constantly create new videos and new ideas and new oneup myself over and over and over again to keep attention. I'm tired of having to constantly release new courses and a new next best thing and constantly keep the business going bigger and bigger. And I started to see my flywheel starting to slow down because of this exact problem right here. So I was like, I got to find some way not to be wrapped up in this. I can't do this until I'm 40. I can't make doing this the core of how I make money. I can't make it the cornerstone because I'm just going to get tired and eventually I'm going to run out of things to one up myself in and then everything's going to go down from there. So, that's when I went and started software and whatever. And yes, I still make videos on YouTube and whatnot. You've probably seen over the last like decade, I've managed to maintain a pretty consistent view count because that's because I've changed it up, gotten into crypto and whatnot, but those videos are for fun and I do that kind of mostly out of enjoyment. The reason why I started making crypto videos was mostly for giggles. And the reason why I make these videos is for a completely different reason. I'm not trying to get famous influencer famous. I'll explain why in the business model I'm going to put down right here in a second. That's the solution to this. But I basically separated my ability to make money from my personal brand because you end up in this hell right here where eventually the algo stops caring about you and you end up in influencer purgatory. Look for example at like Liverp. He had to keep one uping himself, one uping himself and becoming more and more extreme to the point that he actually just got in trouble for becoming too extreme and people just stopped caring. If you look at a lot of like the health in influencers out there like the bodybuilders or any of the uh health supplement guys out there, every single person out there, especially on the younger range gets big and then they end up in purgatory hell where I'm sure you see these people now where they're not getting any views, no one cares, they're still slinging the same products and stuff like that, except they're just not making the money that they used to. And there's no way they can get it back because they were a 30-year-old aged out stripper and the algorithm doesn't care. People don't care. And because their business was not based around value, all their products, nobody cares. For example, if you look at like again, I'm not saying Logan Paul is going to fail from here. I don't know what his trajectory is. But I can tell you as he's turning 30, 30ish, wherever he is now, people are starting to not care. And you can see that in the Prime Energy sales right there, they're down 90%. Nobody's probably going to come watch other boxing matches. And so, he's in a really tough place right now where he's probably older now. He doesn't want to do the same shenanigans that's going to get all the little clicks on the internet. Both of the businesses are making a lot less money now. He's built up this really big lifestyle and now he only has one way to save himself and that's by shaking his ass so much harder and doing extreme stuff that the 18-year-olds won't do. That's the only way back into it at this point. And so this is where every single influencer ends up unless they build their business in the way I'm going to talk about right now. And this is why as you're starting your personal brand and building up, you have to be deadly aware of this. And you need to be having a plan like I'm going to talk about here to parachute out of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you're getting near the peak and out of it. You do not want to make this your entire thing. So, how do we do this and what's the solution to this? So, really good example of me. I used to have a big personal brand and like make money online and courses and stuff like that. And as that was growing for me, what I did is I built a brand that was not about me and doesn't rely on my face. For example, Hyros and my software companies online. They don't require my face to grow. Okay? I I can stop making videos tomorrow. They will keep growing because it's one based around value, but two, I'm not just saying build good businesses. As I was going up, I was able to make money for my personal brand and my courses and whatnot. And also use them to get clients for my services and all sorts of stuff I was doing. And I was always making little mini softwares trying to figure out how to do software. What I was doing is I was cash flowing the personal brand and the influencer brand into actually building valuebased products. Now, I'm not saying things we were selling back then were not valueless, but I would compare myself to any real other influencer out there. I was making products that weren't really different than anything else in the market. And so, I realized that I was going to be doomed here pretty eventually because I was turning 30 and I was not going to be able to keep this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] momentum going forever. And so I then started putting all of it in the software. And I took that money, put in the software, and aimed to build long-term businesses that didn't rely on me making videos at all. And this is what you need to be aiming to do. You need to think as you're going up, all right, how can I turn this into a long-term business where if I disappear, the money is going to keep coming in and the business is going to keep going up because that's the only way to do it. You have to have a product that's just truly better than anything else on the market. And this is actually the whole crux of the entire thing. If you're trying if you're trying to become an influencer, you need to be creating your escape path very soon because there's almost nobody that does it well for a very long period of time because what also happens is your entire attention, especially as you get up here goes to growing your personal brand and creating the hype and then you can't focus on the product and software. This is why it's even more dangerous as you get to the top because every one of your skill sets and everything is around this hype and this personal brand and not on product creation and actual value creation. And so you get locked into this and so you can't even build something that's valuable if you want. I'm sure you've seen tons of influencers. They keep trying to build businesses, but they all suck. It's because they're spending too much time at the strip club shaking their ass instead of taking care of customers. So again, it's just a such a doublebladed sword. The only other advice I would give you right here is if you really want to make this work and you want to do the hype and the personal brand, I have two pieces of advice for you. One, make sure this is what you want to do for the next 30 years of your life. For example, if you look at like David Ramsay or Tony Robbins or some of just the really long-term people that have had personal brands for a long time, they did two things. One, they made sure this is exactly what they want to do for 30 years of your life. A lot of people come in and they want to dabble in or they don't think 30 years in the future. If you are not ready to shake your ass at the strip club for the next 30 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years, don't do it. Two, you have to be willing to go hard as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] For example, if you look like Alexozi and his content stuff right now, he went zero to absolutely all out. And I'm pretty sure he's going to he's down to do this for the next 30 years of his life. You have to make sure you're willing to talk and run the brand hard for 30 years. There is no in or out. Next, focus on gaining respect instead of hype and attention. Look, I'm not telling you to model anything I like do for example in crypto. Crypto is my crypto channel, for example, is going to suffer from this exact same situation here in the future. I guarantee it. That's why I haven't made crypto and everything my main career. I guarantee you, you're going to see this exact same funnel thing happen to me. My crazy crypto channel of all things, people are going to slowly stop watching. It's going to lose traction and then that channel is going to be dead. That's why I'm actually playing for this to be my last bull run in crypto because I see this curve happening right now. Even over there, it's extremely important that you understand that you can't keep the hype going forever. What you can keep going is respect in the industry. And this is going to actually result in you getting less views. So for example, if you look at some of the smartest influencers like David Ramsay doesn't get a ton of views. What he did is he made himself very very respected in a niche of an industry. So not everybody knows about him, not even everyone's watching his content, but he made himself respected and was able to carry that long-term success to sell his products. Now, in my opinion, the best thing you can possibly do is when you are climbing up this ladder, you focus on building a long-term product that's unique and based around value. And you keep making attempts at this. You need to go and actually build a long-term company. For example, with Hyros, when I was growing my personal brand, I kept trying to build softwares and finding something to click. And I learned a ton about building software. Then I built Hyros, which grows automatically and it's independent of any of my channels. My crypto channel doesn't help it. And I only started making these business videos recently because we're adding products to Hyros in the future that are more mainstream. And so I want to be able to talk about those on the internet. But again, I'm not doing this as the cornerstone of Hyros the software company. The cornerstone of it is really good products that deliver a result for customers. And that's why it's kept growing throughout the years despite my uploading and influencing this being inconsistent. You you can notice I don't even use Instagram or Tik Tok for example. I do it because I want to, not because I have to. And that is why becoming an influencer is so damn dangerous because eventually your entire brand relies on you doing something you have to do instead of something you want to do. I really doubt a lot of people as they turn 32, 35, go into their 40s want to keep shaking their ass on social media and trying to influence and create the next big thing. as all these 18 year olds and 20 year olds are flooding in the space will only to do just about anything and our new interesting and algorithm loves them. Not only is your promoter trying to betray you, but you're also getting tired and drained of energy and the attention of the internet which is fickle as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is slowing down at the exact same time and then you end up in hell. So that is why becoming an influencer in 2025 is a super bad idea. If you like these videos, be sure to subscribe because I'm going to be releasing all the courses that I've made in the past here at a certain subscriber count. Uh I think we've made the point in this video. I'll see you later.

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Brainwashed Myself Into Being Rich AF
VIDEO ID: YXykmSflTpY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXykmSflTpY
================================================================================

All right, you degenerate piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like the title says, I'm going to be brainwashing you, Illuminati, indoctrinating you today to become rich. And I, your administrator, your doctor, and by far the most qualified on planet Earth to do this because, as you may not know, let's be frank, of course, you know, I'm kind of, you know, a big deal. But this mindset and indoctrination process I've given you allowed me to build a multi-million dollar net worth in my early 20s, a nine figure net worth in my early 30s, and right now closing in on a multi-figure net worth, which at least makes me not the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] person on planet Earth to tell you how you should be thinking and how you should be tweaking your mind if you want to go from being a broken private jets, which frankly, if you've ever flown private, not the best idea. Very small quarters. Everybody look at you awkward when you come to the bathroom and the toilet, let's be frank, doesn't flush too well, so it's going to be very awkward for the next person in there. But you won't care because you'll be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich and the only fans girls you're flying to Dubai with will just have to put up with it. This brainwashing technique actually allowed me to come out of the military in my early 20s completely broke and build a multi-figure net worth. Later in my 20s, build a multi-ight figure net worth. And best of all, I don't have a course or anything to sell you because I'm already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. Just enjoy the sauce. And all the things I talked about tactics-wise and building businesses here, they're all linked to below this video again for free on other videos on this YouTube channel cuz this place is just the truth. You should subscribe. Let's begin. So, look, brainwashing hyperbole aside, if you want to become rich and successful, it's not going to come down to some Tony Robbins ha coup, some mental masturbation you're going to do and some thing you tell your in your mirror every single morning. It's going to come down to work and actually applying techniques and skills to go and make money. That being said, if you view money and the making of money and the understanding of how it's possible to make money in a completely wrong way, you're not going to make money in the first place. The way that society and most people understand and look at money is just fundamentally wrong. So, while understanding this isn't going to make you the big bucks, you're not going to be able to move forward unless you have this understanding. So this is what you need to do because if you don't get past these things right here, these five specific things I'm going to share with you, five things, you really don't have a chance in hell of doing this. So the first thing you need to understand about all of this is that making money is not a special thing. It's actually completely normal. Lots of normal people do it. Lots of normal people become rich. And in actually once you get it down is not something that's even particularly hard to do. Let me explain this because you need to get past this. Number one, also if you're liking this video, I used to make I don't anymore, but I used to make lots of courses that taught people all the techniques I use to make money. Copywriting ads, how I sell products, my exact sales funnels, everything. I'm going to be giving those away to all my subscribers at a certain subscriber count. If you are not subscribed, when that happens, our AI will not scrape you up. You will not get those courses. So, subscribe and like the video. My most engaged followers, you're going to get all the stuff. You're not subscribed, I don't like you. So, you're getting nothing. So, back to the video. So, look, when I was in the military, flat ass broke, I was making like$24, $30,000 per year, which in today's dollars is like $952,000 per year. Money's inflated a little bit, but whatever. That's fine. Back then, I was broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I remember going and getting bar tabs and I'd spent like $150 a night and I was horrified and bank always overd it. It was a bad time. All right, that being said, why was there I remember people in the military, there were civilians there and they're making like 70,000 bucks a year and I thought that was like the epidome of success. I was like, "Holy moly." And then like one guy even made like six figures in the year. I'm like, "Oh my god, if I could just do that, oh my goodness." So, first thing you have to get about this is that the way I viewed money was in a very limited frame. And I thought making even low amounts of money was incredible. And I thought people being able to go and build businesses or even become employees to get paid several hundred,000 500,000 million per year. I thought that was impossible. something that's reserved for like Jedi Knights who go to college for eight years and do some impossible tax task and have LeBron James like talent. And so when you think about money like this and you think about it as some big impressive thing instead of what I'm about to show you it actually is, you're not going to go out there and pursue that. Who's going to stop what they're doing? Stop this societal path of college, getting a career, working a job that you probably don't like, and making less money than you want, but safe, comfortable money, which is what most people's goal is, and why they stay where they are. Why are you going to leave all that if you believe you're hopping into some chamber or some some journey that's impossible and requires the .01% of human behavior and skills and peak athletic ability to achieve, you're just not going to do it. Here's the simple truth. I've been doing this for 15 years. I have seen so many people that are actually stupid make millions of dollars. I've seen so many people go from zero to making millions of dollars per year that I couldn't even count it on all my fingers. I couldn't even count it if I had hundreds of fingers. I've seen it so many times. And what making money is is simply a skill like anything else. Playing guitar, learning jiu-jitsu, learning how to paint, drawing, I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Playing World of Warcraft. Have you guys ever gotten good at a video game? It's exactly the same thing. what people do since money is so deeply connected to our egos and our sense of self and also taps into our survival instinct because in our society if you get down to zero dollars are bankrupt you're technically dead in societal terms. So you're playing with almost your life force when we're thinking about money and that's how it looks to a lot of people especially when you're at lower incomes. That's kind of what it is. You run out of money, you're in deep trouble unless you're one of those people that just accepts living on welfare which in America we're just happy to hand out here. So you're technically not even going to die. You could just go on welfare and start a business from there. Alex Becker tip of the day. Get on welfare. That that's that's video concluded. But backing up, what you must first get and how you must view making money and growing as money is simply something like playing guitar. If you sit down and practice guitar for 4 hours a day in a strategic way, you're going to get good enough on guitar to play in front of people and play music and you're going to be good enough to be good. Now, when you are making money to make maybe $100 million a year, build a $100 million net worth, you're going to have to be really really really damn good at it. To make $500,000, a million dollar per year, you're going to have to be like high school football player good at your sport. For example, not not so terrible that you're on the the sidelines the entire time, but good enough that you can play in like the lowest leagues. not going to have to reach some level of talent that is not unreachable to any person out there unless you're running around with some Spongebob Squarepants 60 point IQ. This is achievable for you and it's been done by millions and millions of people and it's going to just come down to repeating simple processes over and over again to improve your skills and eventually it's just going to happen. So get that through your head first. Now before we get into actual techniques and things you should be doing per se, the best way to change your mind in this this type of thinking strategy I just talked about is you need to go and associate with people about two to three levels above where you are. So for example, I myself at my net worth and everything I'm doing, if you try to associate with me, I'm going to throw pie at you and get the ick from your poorness. Don't don't come within 50 feet of me. I don't associate with the masses anymore. But serious note, that's just going to be the only thing that people take away from this video. They're going to quote that. Put that on Twitter. Alex Becker is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There we go. Take the sound bite. But what I mean by two to three levels above you. If you go and try and message people when you're making nothing and they're making a couple million or million dollars per year, you're just it's just not going to work out. You don't network that way and it's not even beneficial to you because they can't even communicate to you things you understand. What you want to do when you're first starting out is there's tons of forums, groups, entrepreneur groups of people that are just getting started all the way to people that are probably making 100,000, 200,000 a year, maybe even 50,000 a year. Just people that have really gone and started out. I also really want to stress as you watch this video, you don't have to be an entrepreneur to make a lot of money. I have employees that are approaching eight figures net worth through working with me at Hyros just by having equity in the company. So, if you are just really damn good at something that makes businesses money, you can still make a lot of money as employees. Don't let me make you think this is a entrepreneur only video. Regardless, you need to go and associate with people that are in these levels and thinking this way and stop associating with people that are not. When I was growing up, I love my parents. I love my family. I love all my friends. But they are completely they were completely indoctrinated or uh believers in the typical life path. Do well in school, go to college, get a job, slowly work your way up to moderate decent income, and then retire at 50, 60, whatever. I'm not here to pick on that path. And I'm not here to pick on people that think like that. But you're not going to start thinking the correct way to make a lot of money if those are the people that you hang out with and talk about money with. You're going to do that by hanging out with people that only think about growing and making more money. You want to go and find the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goblins on the internet who are just rubbing their hands together trying to get rich no matter what and hang out with them. And what you're going to see constantly is a you're going to see a lot of people go from zero to making that type of money. And you're just going to realize, oh, this happens all the damn time. Most importantly, you're also going to start associating with people who are constantly trying and and feeding and talking with you and helping you kind of level up. They're not going to be like helping you like mentoring you. Stop looking for that. You just want to find people that were the room or the culture of beliefs in the group is this is how money works and this is how you make money and you're going to slowly fall into that and you're just going to slowly start believing and operating in that way that everybody else in the groups are doing. So, Facebook groups, some of the guru make money groups. I know a lot of people hate Andrew Tate, but if you look at like his real life.com, I'm not or real world or whatever it's doing. I'm not suggesting go join that, but it's a good example of lots of people that are at least trying to make it and people that are semi- makingaking it to getting some level of success. There's thousands of groups out there. There's free groups, there's Discord groups, there's channels of people, there's uh school groups. You can go join Alex Hermosy's school groups. You can go to the endless places. just seek this out and associate with these people and get in groups where the belief works like this and stop hanging around people or at least taking anybody that thinks differently seriously. You can still have normie friends, but just like don't the way they view the world is just incorrect and wrong. If that's who you're spending and sharing most of your beliefs with, you're going to be wrong as well. Now, here's the next thing that people get wrong with this. They try to make money while still not making money the focus of their lives. Should money be the focus of your life? is is is money all that life comes down to. That's up to you. You your view of life doesn't actually really matter. It can be completely different. It could be completely wrong. We're all going to die and forget everything. So, whatever you think is important is important. I'm not here to debate your life view and Echar told you on the proper way to view the world. That's not it. But for a time and being, if you want to have financial control in your life to the point where you don't have to worry about money and you can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want whenever you want, if that's your goal, that's not really that hard of a goal to reach. You need about $5 million in net worth to do that for life depending on where you live. That's very achievable, especially if you're young right now. So, the most important thing at this time in your life while you're trying to go and gain access to this financial control is you make it purely the most important thing and you remove all things out. The secret to growth and really getting good at anything is not adding bunches of things to your life. It's not going and doing some morning routine. It's not going and attending 15 Tony Robbins events. It's simply removing everything except the thing you want to do. So, for example, if you're a young guy or something that worked very well for me is when I really wanted to settle down and get to the next level in entrepreneurship, I sold everything. Moved into an empty apartment with just a desk and a bed and I moved to a city where I didn't have my family. I didn't really know anybody there. So, I had nothing else to do and I didn't have any video games or anything accessible or anything to distract me. I didn't even have a television. And all there was was just the work improving at the work improving my software company and growing. And that time period right there is what took me from eight figures to nine figures. It would also very much benefit you and you do it much much faster if you're going from zero to say 500,000 a year to a million dollars per year. So what do I mean if I could put this all into a tactic? If you're a young guy, young gal, the two girls that watch this channel, hello. Great to see you. I'm happy. I'm happy you haven't me yet. What you want to do is, for example, move to Wyoming. Get a stupid dirt cheap apartment next to a grocery store where you don't have to have a car. Maybe make sure there's a gym nearby or just go in the woods and lift rocks like a real man. That's what I do. Go workout with the squirrels. Just you and a bunch of raccoons. Have it like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snow white moment in the woods lifting logs and rocks and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's exactly what you need to do. But once you removed everything from your life, I'm just picturing that. It's making me giggle. Once you've removed everything from your life, if you just have that computer, a bed in the corner, you're just going to wake up every single day, do whatever freelance work you need on to do online or do whatever cheap work, go work at theing grocery store and pack groceries, you'll be able to afford the apartment just fine then. And then whatever free time you have, you're just working on improving your skills as an entrepreneur or a very highlevel employee. So what I mean by like a highle employee, for example, the CTO at my company is a multi-millionaire now. uh because he's actually done this with a lot of different companies, very successful man, but he's a multi-millionaire because he got really really good at coding and developing software and then he got really really good at hiring on developers and building teams of developers underneath him and so that allowed him to be the CTO of our company and also spawn off or do like freelance work for lots of other companies and get cuts of their companies. So he's technically an employee of a lot of different companies, but he still makes a f ton of money. So you can do the same exact thing here, different strategy than entrepreneurship, but you can see it's really just comes down to mastering your craft to a point where you can really impact businesses. So backing it all up though, when you remove everything from your life, and there's videos below here on absolute removal on how to achieve that, video games, distractions, friends, any financial weights, getting your your lifestyle as cheap as possible, how just move to Thailand, do freelance work online, and live for 150 bucks a month next to a Muay Thai studio so you can actually learn how to fight at the same time, too. perfect leveling area for a new entrepreneur. Do that and then remember the most important thing in your life right now is becoming successful and making money. Yes, maybe when you're in your 30s, your 40s, or whatever, you can chill out a little bit and hang out with your kids if that's your goal. You can just chill out and do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want, but you're never going to be able to do that unless you master money. And you're going to spend the rest of your life needing money. The rest of your time here, the next 50, 60, 10, 15, I don't care how many years of your life needing this money. And if you are not good at making it, you're going to have a bad time. Period. The end. There's nobody out there that is just terrible at making money that has a comfortable, stress-free life. You need to get to a level of confidence, and it's the most important thing. So, make it the most important thing. Finally, the last thing, and I talk about this in another video on how to go improve this, so you should go watch this video immediately after on how to actually break money down into skills and then learn each of these skills step by step. I even break down the most important skills you should learn if you want to get to a million dollars a year as fast as possible. That's linked below this video. But the last way you need to view money and the thing that's going to make you very successful is viewing money like for example learning guitar or if you're a dork playing World of Warcraft which you know I am. I've gotten very good at it. Excellent tank the world's greatest healer. But I'm not here to brag about that as you know most humble YouTuber. But if you've ever gotten good at anything, getting good at making money is the same exact thing. And it comes down to this basic component which will be explained more in the video below or be linked at the end of this video. So picture this. If you want to get good at guitar and say you've done everything I've talked about already in this video, you're going to associate with good guitar players so you can actually like learn and get really interesting, get all the cultural beliefs. But then what you're going to do is you're going to start trying to play songs. And if you want to get better at guitar, let's say you go and learn how to play Nirvana, and it's a very easy song to play. Obviously, you're not going to get any better at playing guitar or reach any level of town if you just sit around and play that song over and over again. So, you're going to pick harder songs and harder songs and harder songs and try and learn more advanced techniques and you practice that every single day. What a lot of people don't do with money is they don't view it like that. What you need to do is you need to go and practice the basics and that's going to involve losing a little bit of money or spending time without getting results. The most important thing when it comes to learning about making money is to not focus on making money as a result. Focus on growth. For example, if you're playing guitar, you shouldn't hold being able to play a complete song in front of people and get paid for it as your metric of success. Especially when you're starting off, you should hold your metric by watching your finger movements improve and watching your skills improve every single day. If you focus on that, you will eventually get to that point where you're playing guitar in front of people and able to make money and talented enough at it. But that's not a good way to look at it because you're just going to fail for ever and ever and ever and ever if you look at that end result versus feeling success and gratification at the main thing which is the improvement of your skills. Same thing with money. Focus on the core skills which I point out in the video below and will be linked to at the end of this video 100% for free. That's going to help you grow and do that. And so every single day you wake up and say, "I'm going to improve at these skills and I'm going to go and apply them at all costs. I'm going to get these skills no matter if I lose a little bit of money doing it." The most important thing is my skill growth and that I'm better at it today than I was tomorrow. Eventually, you're going to be better at today so much that you start making money. And it's just going to happen. And from then on in your life, it's going to be semi-trivial for you to make a certain amount of money. And as you get better and better, it becomes trivial to make certain amounts of money. For example, back in the day, making a million dollars per year in internet marketing very hard for me. Now, making many million dollars a month is almost trivial for me. I'm trying to make, you know,5 $10 million a month. That's really my my next goal. And making, you know, $100,000 a day or something like that. It's it's something I don't even have to think about doing. It's going to be the same way with any amounts of money. And all I'm doing right now, you have to understand what I just described might seem farfetched to other people. I've just been improving at my skills every single day that I'm at a level of ability that it's not too hard. The momentum and ability that I'm at makes it fairly simple to me. And I'm not putting in much more work than anybody else is. For example, if you see some guy doing landscape in front of a house, he's working muching harder than I am. I just have gone to the point where I'm good enough at playing the game that it going and playing on hard difficulties isn't hard for me. Okay? So, for example, if you ever see like a really good World of Warcraft player playing a dungeon on the highest level difficulty, going back and playing dungeons at difficulty levels that seem impossible to beginners is trivial for them. Same exact thing. Now, the final thing I'm going to give you, the final brainwashing technique you need to look at is the final reason why people don't really pursue anything I talked about is they're afraid of risk. And all you need to understand when it comes to risk is there's all little mental things you can tell yourself. You can go in the mirror and say a high cue to yourself every single morning to give yourself confidence. But what you really want to focus on when it comes to risk is looking at what's actually going to happen in your life if you don't take risk. So if you don't take risk, what most people do, and this is like the most optimal output, okay? Most people don't even succeed at this. You do good in school, you go to college, you get 100K in debt, and then you spend the less your rest of your life grinding out a job that you don't particularly like, and you're not taking risks to like grow in. You're never going to be investing in yourself or anything like that except going back to college and giving more money to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam for like a masters or something. Anyways, you're going to spend all your time grinding for that, and you're going to make less money than you want for the rest of your life. and you're not going to be satisfied and you're going to have to be worrying about bills and stressed out by money. That is the guarantee if you don't take risk. To me, that's losing. That's not great. That's not comfortable. I want enough money where I can stop working whenever I want. I want enough money that it comes in passively for me if I know how to build it like that. I want enough money that I have money absolutely handled and it's not an issue in my life and I can buy the things I want. Now, look, you don't need to be buying private jets and giant mansions and all these things to buy be happy. Once you have all your base needs covered effortlessly, that's when you're going to hit peak happiness for money. If you want to go for the extra credit and get the giant houses and the cars and the jets and stuff like that, and you want to beat the highest score of money, great. That's exactly what I'm doing. You don't need to hit happiness, though. Like, I'm not any happier now than when I reached financial freedom like, and that was 13 years ago. That was the best day. That's when I hit peak happiness. So, this isn't about happiness, but you have to understand this right here is a loss. being struggling and strapped down for money your entire life, that's the loss. What you want to understand is that by taking risk over and over while improving your skills, eventually, just like in Vegas, if you bet on a number long enough at the roulette table, you're just going to hit. And so, if you take enough risk while improving your skills, your skills at making money in combination with eventually being in the right place at the right time, which they're both going to tamp them together, the better you get, the better you're going to get at being lucky, and the better you're going to get at maximizing that luck when it happens. Eventually, it will happen and you will hit financial control. And this is inevitable. The only way not to reach this point right here is not taking risk. If you take no risk, you are guaranteed to lose. If you take risk, you're pretty much guaranteed to win if you take risk correctly without losing your money every single time. And over hedging, which I break down below how to make money without risk. I show you how to take appropriate risk in business or with whatever you're doing. If you do this, you are virtually almost guaranteed to eventually hit. I don't know anybody that's taken consistent risk over and over again while consistently growing their skills that hasn't reached some level of financial independence. Most of them are extremely rich today. There are so many dudes, so many dudes I can name that I came up with. I've known Russell Brunson for a very long time. I've known Alex Herozi for a very long time. I know tons of other founders like Sam Evans who owns school now. I think it's worth like a billion dollars or something like that. I know so many other people that I came up with where we were in little forums chatting about making $100 a day, $150 per day. And at this point, the vast majority of them, I can't think of any of them that are not millionaires at this point. And I know so many dudes, not all of them are like Alexozi or Sam Evans or Russell Brunson successful, but I've known so many dudes that have gone from zero to millions of dollars per year that I can't I can't think of any of them that are not making a good good amount of money other than the ones that just purely quit. All right? And that's was in the first couple years. So eventually, from my perspective, you're just going to hit it. And so that's how you need to be viewing risk. The best way to guarantee you lose at life and get that failure that you're trying to avoid in money is not taking risk. So those things right there, if you apply those, that is going to change how you look at the world. The way you're going to make money is through tactics and strategies that you're going to get better at by improving them by breaking them down to skills, which I break down in the videos below and above this video. Go check those out. That's going to come down to hard work and strategic hard work that gives you leverage. Again, explained in all those videos. However, if you don't view the world correctly and you don't have these base understandings I just gave you, you're not going to do those things and you're not going to have confidence behind doing them. So, you have to have this mindset. It's not going to make you rich. It's going to allow you to confidently do the things that will make you rich. So, that's the video. If you like all that, subscribe, like, and in all the videos I talked about, they'll be popping up on the screen right now. There's a bunch of them labeled in the description. Go watch those. And on top of that, I'm going to be dropping all my past training, all the courses I used to create back in the day. All my subscribers going to get that as a certain subscriber point, but you have to be subscribed. If you're not subscribed, our AI will not pick you up and you will not get these courses when we drop them. And it's a lot of really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, you should probably subscribe and like the video.

================================================================================
TITLE: It's Gross, But This AI Trick Makes $10k/Day
VIDEO ID: PGSBvSLOMNw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGSBvSLOMNw
================================================================================

Oh, baby, baby, baby. Oh, this is going to be the chef's kiss video on this channel. Probably the best money-making video I'm ever going to make without hyperbole. And as you know, it's common knowledge that if you see a man in front of a Lamborghini trying to tell you how to make money, he's very trustworthy, peak credibility. It's like a PhD time 10 in expertness. Because what I'm going to give you in this video is perhaps the best business lesson or tactic I can give you. And combine it with using AI to make money. And this will all make sense in a minute. I will not be vague at all. I will give you exactly what to do in this video. But I truly believe what I'm going to give you in this video is probably one of the best money-making opportunities we've seen in the last 30, 40 years. Because what I'm going to give you is the core of making money in business, at least B2B, which is what we're going to be doing. But the variety and ways we can attack this with AI is something that no one else is doing. Not even other people on YouTube are looking at it this way. I'm going to give you a truly unique spin here. Not the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] use AI automation courses and buy my software [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you see all over YouTube. I have nothing to sell you. I don't have an AI automation course to sell you. I'm already extremely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich from actually selling AI and I don't plan to stop doing that anytime soon. I'm just going to give you these lessons and I'm going to show you to combine it with AI. And these lessons are pretty good cuz they've helped me build a net worth of almost $200 million. So, they're semidecent. And by the end of this video, you're going to have a quick, easy blueprint you can use to go and build a type of business using this strategy. And it's simply going to work if you stick to your guns and do it. And sorry to let you guys down. No, the strategy here is not me making a digital prostitute naked version of me. I know you guys were really looking forward to beckerspecker.com making an AI manfu for yourself, but look, that's that's not going to happen. If that happens, something's gone terribly wrong in my life. So instead, what we're going to do is I need to break down this to you right now. Also, before we begin, everything that's going to be in this video that I'm about to teach you. There's a lot of concepts covered. There's videos on this channel covering every single little concept that I'm going to get into this video. So, after you watch this video, if you want to learn how to do the specific things I talk about, there's no course for you to buy. Just go watch it on this channel. It's right there. So, first off, before we get into this, yes, I want to recap. This is not going to be a vague video. We're going to go step by step exactly what to do. You need to understand why everybody else pushing AI lessons on YouTube right now specifically is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though, because then you're going to understand why what I'm about to show you is so much better. And if you get this twist right here, you're going to avoid so much competition and you're actually going to be able to get results like this unlike everybody else. Let me explain why. If I go through YouTube right now and I look at all the videos on how to make money with AI, 99% of them are usually a person selling an AI makemoney course or an AI automation software. Now, I'm not going to poo poo on those people. As you guys know, I'm very humble. I would never talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about anyone online. I'm very respectful, very humble. As you know, I'm the sixth year in a row most humble YouTuber winner. Graham Stevens been trying to get it from me for years. Not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chance, buddy. Graham, just sit the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down. It's not going to happen. I am the most humble. Everybody knows it. also the 10-year winner of most ripped on YouTube. But we're not here to talk about me. We're here to talk about you getting exceptionally rich here. Now, while I will not talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about everybody else, when you watch these videos, what they're doing, it's it's very intentional what they're trying to do. They're trying to build a business, teaching you how to sell AI to businesses and buy their automation software. Fine, whatever. That's a whole that's a whole different business model itself. The problem with any of those is when you start using something automated or pre-built or a pre-strategized method that is color in the lines, cookie cutter for you, you're going to run into massive competition with tons of other retards all doing the same exact thing. There are millions of people right now loading up AI agent software, loading up different softwares out there and trying to sell them as AI agents to businesses using templated frameworks and whatnot. This happens in every single business model when it hits the market. It happened in SEO. It happened with agencies. It happened with consulting, e-commerce, drop shipping. It's the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing. A framework comes out for making money. Everybody does it. It gets saturated and it gets tough. I don't like tough things. If you ever looked at my company, Hires, I have like two competitors. I don't like competing with people. I like to enter niches where I'm able to just be the only person selling because I'm going to give you a big tip for selling right here. If you're selling to someone and there's a thousand people selling to them, it's going to be hard to convince them to go with you. If you're selling to someone and it's just you and like another dork down the road selling to them, you have a pretty good shot of winning most of your deals. That's the biggest secret to selling right there. Just don't do what other people are doing. That's why we need to talk about how I'm going to show you how to do this in this video. Because once you understand this, you're going to be able to strategize in a way that allows you to sell something that no one else is selling, which is truly the key here. Cuz let's face it, you're not good enough to sell something hard. You're on this channel getting info from this guy. Something's gone terribly wrong in your life. We need the purple crown version of making money right here, which I'm going to give you. So, now we're going to hop over to the Harvard accredited whiteboard of truth. Actually, this is not from Harvard, okay? I would never take anything for Harvard. Everything that comes out of that school is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] woke nonsense. And we also aren't extremely racist channel. So, no, we're not going to come from Harvard. We're accredited by Bugatti, okay? That that's much better. That's much more mature. So, you need to understand this base principle. And I know what you're thinking. Well, where's the AI software I need to use? Where's the AI specifics I need to use? Really, with AI, it's like Play-Doh. It's like water. You can make it do just about anything. The thing that most people are lacking is the understanding of how to mold this play-doh like substance into something that's cool. Okay, we're going to make it into like a duck. You know, businesses businesses love ducks. So, let's All right. All right. Back on topic. So, the base thing you need to understand right here is the principle of breakage. Now, what is this? This is something I totally made up in the shower before shooting this video. Uh what it actually is is it's understanding where there is breakage in businesses aka where they are making where they could make more money or they are losing money or wasting money. These points right here what we want to do is we find existing points in the business and if we increase them or decrease them a little bit the business makes $1,000 in gain, $1,000 in money saved. And when we make money for businesses like this through savings or gains, we're able to then bill them 200 or so dollars, 20% of the value that we did. This is one of the best ways to view business and building business products there is. For example, at my business, Hyro, what we do is we run tracking for large companies. We also do AI remarketing for them. Right now, I'm not here to talk about the product actually does, but what we do is when you plug it into ads, for example, the business makes about 15% more from their ads instantly and then saves about 10 15% of their ad spend. So if they're making 100,000 a month from their ads, they now make about 120,000 a month. We can easily build them a,000 2,000 bucks a month for that. That's the entire principle of my business. And so when we get on phone calls with people, the ending sales pitch is like, "Hey, so you know that you're losing $20,000 in gains right now. Why would you not want to sign up right now and test this? We literally guarantee you'll get those results. Why not sign up?" That close you you would think that sounds pretty effective, right? Guess what? It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is. It's built a company that's worth a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money. So this is a concept I try to play with anything when it comes to business. And so what we want to look at when we're examining businesses is not so much the AI tools or some templated strategy that other people have used because you don't really need a strategy here. You need an understanding of these businesses because the AI tools out there. I don't care what video tools you're using, what LLM you're using, what softwares you're using. You can go find them out there and there. You can just actually just ask chat GPE how to put things together. when we come to our final idea here in a second. They're all interchangeable. They're all liquid. And what you're really going to excel at right here is not using these cookie cutter tools that are based for specific strategies, but knowing how to combine different AI tools out there together to make a unique service that nobody else has. So, let's talk about how we'd actually go and do this from start to finish. So, the first thing we want to do is we want to go research businesses. Now, I like local businesses, doctor's offices, dermatologist. Whenever I make up these examples for local businesses, I can only think about like medical things. Gyms, gyms, that's one. Uh, roofers, any of these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay? You know what a local business is at this point. The reason why I like these ones is they're pretty easy to contact and reach out to, and you can think of them pretty easily. But you can also go do this for e-commerce websites. You can go do this for SAS companies. You can go do this for any type of business out there. Like I have a buddy who sells light bulbs, like he has a giant light bulb company. Go do it for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] light bulb companies. anything. Anything. People that move dumpsters around, I don't I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care. Anything. What you want to do is you then want to dig into these businesses by either talking to them or just looking at them or calling the business and going through their funnels and see where things are broken. So, here's a very specific example. Let's say you have a doctor's office right here. Or let's say you actually have a corporate event planning business. I'm going to use this one as an example right here. So, we could go look and go to their website, book a call, call their phone numbers in the after hours, find the places where they're probably losing customers at. If you look at most businesses, that's the easiest place to find it. Now, there's also going to be places where they could gain more customers on their website as well. So, what we want to do is we want to go look at their website, look at all their funnels, look at interact with all of them, go dig through them, dig through it, email them, message them, do all sorts of stuff. Do it to multiple businesses out there and look at them and poke the business around and see where they're not following up with you. See the places of the website that are weak for no reason. see the places where they're missing business. Okay? And so when you do these things, here's a very good example at this. Let's say we have a a we're going to do this for corporate event planners. So one thing we could do after going through this is we can notice that when we go and place our email or our business email on the opt-in form or we call them up. What happens is nothing at a lot of these businesses. Now this isn't I don't want you to look at this template. I'm just thinking this up as I go as an example of how we can find breakage in the business. So let's imagine this corporate event business for example. they're not following up with the business is following up with them. What we could do easily with AI is when a phone number comes into the business or a business email comes to the business, the AI could literally find out what business this is attached to, go research it, then also learn everything about the corporate event planning company. You can upload this and create a different type of model in chat GBT, for example. You can combine it. Uh I forgot what the word for it. We're just going to call it a tweaked model. And so you can create a custom GPT language model. I'm just going to call these bots for now. I don't know how deep you are with AI. I'm I've been nerding out on it for a few years so I can use all the big fancy terms, but I don't want to act or pretend like I'm smart here. I'm going to keep this at fourth grade level for you. Purple crown only. You got it, guys. Trust me. This the brand of this channel is built by retards for retards. And we're not we're not changing anything. Nice lowquality, low IQ content only here. Everything you come to expect. So, we're going to create GPT bots. They're experts in the business. connect it to an AI that's able to research and look at their website, look at the business, entering in, and we can have it email them and text them about how this corporate event business can specifically help their business with specific details and find testimonials or past customers that they've had that relate to it and then get them to come book a call or come into the next step of the funnel or something like that. This little bot right here would probably increase the close rates on their emails or their opt-ins by 10 20%. So, let's imagine this 100K a month business. You just made them 20,000 more a month by just doing this. This is how you want to view businesses when we're looking at applying AI to anything. And this is how I look at almost every business I build, but I have in the past used software to solve these kind of dilemas. The really big reason why I think this is probably one of the biggest money-making opportunities for normal people is twofold. Because one, a lot of these bots and tools don't require any code whatsoever. you can combine them together and get them to talk to each other with basic just basic effort. If you don't know how to make them talk to each other, just ask them and they'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tell you how. And a lot of these things that are a lot of these advanced things I talked about that seem advanced are actually quite easy like building your own uh language model. For example, chat GBT will walk you through how to combine a entire business's information, all their support tickets, all their calls, all their sales history, all their customer base and everything into a bot that will understand the business and be able to ask and respond to customer support questions, whatnot. You don't even have to make that much that complicated a body. It could literally just be something that sends emails based on research it finds on websites, which is again not that complicated to do. If that does seem complicated to you right now, I I have basic news for you. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] figure it out. You want to get rich, you want to be richer than most people, you want to be able to sit in your house and make money without talking to people, you're going to have to do some slightly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uncomfortable things and figure out a few things that the average human bear is not able to figure out. All right? Just be just be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clever for once in your life, please. I I don't want to be like every other make money channel. It's like, "Hey, you don't want to do any work or like put any effort into it? That's fine. No, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I'm not selling you a course. I'm not convincing you to buy my info product and that you can be a lazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and still get by in life. You don't want to figure out this basic stuff I'm going to have right here when the LLM's will literally tell you how to do it. You're going to be poor for the rest of your life. And I have no shame saying that. It's fine. It's all right. You're just not gonna make it. Enjoy the channel for the jokes." I have nothing to sell you at all. So, I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you're like, "Oh, this isn't for me." Good. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. All right. So coming back to that, the reason why it's so big is because there's so many different applications of this by combining different models and tools together. You can combine runway, you can combine a basic website scraping AI, you can combine chat GBT, you can train the chat GBT to do custom things, and you can put all these tools together to make something custom almost for every business that you look into, which means you're able to sell something that no one else is selling because you're getting off of these templated AI softwares that everyone's pushing out there that are really just chat GBT wrapped in a a fancy wrapper. So, what we're then going to do at this point is you got to go find the business model that you want to target. I I think I think I think going the obscure local business route like corporate event planner or something like that. You can specialize in these niches that really aren't being targeted. That's the huge other benefit right here that I have to add because what's going to go on is everyone's going to be targeting dentists and doctors and lawyers and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. No, no, no, no. You want to go and get specific. Target only injury lawyers. Target only specific types of dermatologists. target specific randomass businesses other people aren't thinking about. Roofers that only work on skyscrapers, something like that. The best way to go and break into a niche is not to go into the big niche. Find the micro micro niches inside of it and dominate that. And if you're just getting started business, you don't need a lot of clients to make a lot of money doing this. You need maybe five clients. So, you can literally, if there's only a hundred of these businesses in the entire state of Texas, you just get five of them. All right? And you can go really niche down. You can start branching out the more results you get and you can take bigger and bigger beaches or more competitive larger markets. But you don't need to take a large market when you get started. So then what are we going to do with all of this? Well, first you can go and put on these businesses. And what I propose you do with this type of pitch right here, how do you sell it to businesses? Offer to do it for free and then charge them when they make money. That that's literally it. Like one of the pitches at my business is you put Hyros Air on your site. After it starts making you money, then you pay for it. I love doing that. You should love doing it, too. It's the best pitch in history. If your product actually works, why not? So, get your first few clients doing this. And you can also get testimonials doing this. And I think you should just do this by default because it'll allow you to get ahead of everybody else. And if what you're doing with AI actually makes money, you'll you'll make the money in the end. So, why not just do that? Now, then what you want to do is you actually want to go provide the service, build a little AI infrastructure with them. How do we go about doing that? You go to chat GPT and you describe exactly what you want to do and you ask it to describe how to put it all together. It will find tools on the internet, give you all the API connections. Heck, it will probably even put the API connections together for you and then you learn how to do it that way. This is going to be unlike the other channels out there like you're going to give you some template, but then you got to buy their course or buy their software. You don't want to do that cuz the second something is easy to replicate, then it becomes easy to replicate. Instead, go out there and figure out the unique little monster that you're going to build with with different combinations of AI that people haven't thought about yet to fix the breakage in the businesses. And then sell that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that no one else is selling. It's just you and your little monster that you you created for free until it gets some results. And then when it gets some results, build them. And then do that over and over and over and over again. When you start getting three, four, five clients, train someone else to do it for you. And then you just focus on getting clients. And then you sell this little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to kingdom come. And if you want to get really clever, then you turn into a tool and then you get on YouTube and you sell to other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to sell to other businesses and you get a cut or something like that. You just flip the whole entire system on its head. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the IM gurus. You become the IM guru and you start selling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even though you've never made any money on Earth except till yesterday. It's the business model everybody else does. You might as well do it, too. Jokes aside, that would actually probably work. That's not the lesson from this video, though. The lesson from this video is the lesson that I just gave you right here. how to think because how you think is going to be the thing that gives you the huge edge against everybody else trying to do this right now. You want to think differently. You want to sell something that has no other competitors. There's nothing else like it. You want to bust into the lower niches and specific business models that are so fine you can like custom suit them like a glove. For example, if everybody's selling to doctors, you sell to, I don't know, foot doctors, okay? Something like that. I I I don't know. While everybody else is super optimized for doctors, you're going to win. You're going to lose every doctor deal except all the foot doctor deals. And so everybody else will be fighting fighting fighting and you'll be specialized for this one and you'll win all of them. It's not a ton. There's probably only like 500 foot doctors in the entire state of Texas. But if you get 10 of them, you're doing pretty well. And then you can like expand to like I don't know butthole doctors that they're there. I think that's probably a profession, isn't it? I don't know. Whatever part of the body you can go do that. I don't know how doctors work if you can't tell. But you want to go into those smaller niches because you can easily glove fit them and have a huge edge in every single one of those deals. Then when you figure out where the breakage is in these businesses, go interact with their entire business. See where they're not following up. See where AI could create a solution right there. AI is very good at replacing little tedious parts of work that they just don't have time to do. So, for example, every single person that opts into a corporate event planner's website, they just don't have time to go research every single opt-in business and send them a custom fit email talking about all their testimonials and specific things that relate to that business and closing them based on how the two businesses will mesh together. It's very tedious to do that. You could do that for them and that would make them so much more money. That's an example of breakage. Then, finally, go out to these businesses, offer to do it for free, and when it makes money, they will pay you 10 20% of the money it makes them. That's it. then then track it. Then get them signed up. When it makes money, you build them. When you're making a lot of money from it, you hire employees to do it for you. And then you sell the service like an agency. Then if you want to be a really smart cookie, you turn it into a software and you sell it to goofballs on the internet who are looking to get rich quick. And then you run off to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hills, buy a Lamborghini, and sit in your garage and give advice to strangers on the internet. It's the best business model that's ever existed. So that's the video. Hopefully you liked it. Um, here's some other videos that break down business models and how I do it. As always, subscribe, like the video, cuz I see who likes and subscribes. And we're going to be able to give you all the courses on selling copywriting ads that I created in the past. We're going to deliver that to all of our subscribers when we hit a certain subscriber count. If you're not subscribed, you're not going to get that. Have a nice day. by

================================================================================
TITLE: Why This Made Me STOP Video Games FOREVER
VIDEO ID: k-kwlsEJAiY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-kwlsEJAiY
================================================================================

Okay, look, you little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dork. I know what you're thinking. Oh, great. Look, another Andrew Tate wannabe. Another alpha male lifestyle influencer. Some dude who's never even played video games in his life to tell me about how I'm living my life wrong as a man for playing video games and to sell me some stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] course about how to be a real man and make my dick bigger and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fire and brimstone or something like that. Look, I get it. If you play video games, at every corner there's some dude on the carnivore diet with a TRT syringe shoved so far up his ass that he just looks fantastic and a six-pack glistening in the wind lecturing you on how you should live your life as a gamer or player of video games. And it's probably pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying, which is why you need this video, cuz I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dork. I'm actually the peak dork. I have gamed hard in my life. Very hard. Much harder than you actually. I would actually go as far to say that I am better at video games than you. Much better. So, hear me when I say this, that a gaming habit, considering yourself a gamer, consistently playing games as a lifestyle, is probably the worst habit you could have. You could be a chronic drinker, smoke pot before you go to bed every single night, and masturbate 24/7, the trifecta of things people are yelling at you not to do on the internet these days. And you would still be better off than playing video games. I cannot picture a worst habit to have. I cannot picture a worse hobby. I cannot picture something that will slow you down and damage your life more than video games. And I'm going to explain why in this video and why I do not play video games in a specific way. And this is going to ruin video games for you. You're never going to play them again the same way. You're not going to enjoy them anymore. So, I'm telling you before you start this video, go play Donkey Kong Bonanza. Get it in. Collect all the bananas. Go onto your Discord channel. Wave goodbye to all your virgin friends. Say a guy in his garage with a Lamborghini behind him. He told me some stuff. Now I'm going to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chicks. I'm going to go lift weights. I'm going to go lather baby oil on myself and get a tan outside because I, as the alpha gamer, the gamer who is actually better than you, the bigger dork, am going to ruin video games forever for you. And you're going to be 10 times more successful and happy because of it. You ready to get started? Let's begin. So, first things first, why can I actually tell you this? So, you've probably seen all sorts of videos out there with dudes talking about video games. They don't play video games. You see Andrew Tate talking about video games, but he never plays them. You see all the alpha male influencers talking about business and whatnot and saying, "Oh, you should so stupid to play video games. It's for losers, beta little dorks." But they never play them. So, how can they tell you anything about them? Maybe they just being close-minded. Because frankly, they don't really know. This is like a person who's never enjoyed the Arby's five for five deal telling you not to eat Arby's, but they don't know. If you've ever had the Arby's five for five, five Arby's malts for $5. That bliss is something to tell stories about. If you get fat on the Arby's five for five. Yes, you look like a fat, disgusting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yes, no one's gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. You're a beach, stupid looking whale, but I get it. I get it. I've had the five for five. I get why you did that. I don't like the outcome, but I get it. Same thing applies with gaming here. I have thousands and thousands of hours in World of Warcraft. I have beat Doom Eternal on Ultra Nightmare. That means beating the entire game on the hardest setting without dying one time. I have thousands of hours in platform fighters. I used to actually go to game tournaments for Super Smash Bros and be one of those guys. I bring my own little custom GameCube controller that I built in my apartment and come play people in Super Smash Bros. competitively. I beat Ninja Gaiden on Master Ninja. Some of these things you kids might be too young to even remember, but I bet you can't do any of those things. I literally used to just sit in my house and make custom stick boxes to play Virtual Fighter. I I dare you. I triple dog dare you. Go and try and beat the Ultra Gore Nest or Super Gore Nest in Doom Eternal on Ultra Nightmare. You won't be able to do it. I have mastered every single type of role in World of Warcraft. I can tank, I can DPS, I can heal. Oh boy, can I heal. So, trust me when I tell you, I get it. I understand why you play games. I understand why you love them. And the other reason why I can tell you this is because at one point I had to analyze games and I realized what a dangerous habit it is. I'll explain why in this video. And I stopped them. Since then, my net worth grew to nine figures and is now closing in on multiple nine figures. So, not only can I get down and dirty and relate to you with your game playing, I've also gotten discussed rich so I can tell you a little bit about the results of stopping games and actually getting results in your life. So, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listen. Because getting results in your life, it's a good thing. You want it to happen because if you don't, you're going to be like one of these people watching a new Mario Kart release. You see that bunch of grown men on a live stream for a child's game screaming bloody murder, cursing because they increased the price by $20. You do not want to end up a 30-year-old plus man who watches Nintendo live streams on a Tuesday afternoon at 2 p.m. complaining about a $20 price increase. Your life is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at that point if that is you. And the sad honest truth is that most men get dragged down this hole. It is probably the biggest hole, the juiciest hole. It's like throwing a hot dog down a hallway kind of gal kind of hole that every dude falls into because games land in this special type of habit where it seems almost acceptable. It's like doing crystal meth and everyone be like, "Yeah, that's all right." You know, he's a crystal meth doer. He just does that when he gets home after work and it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your brain and it seems normal and it seems like everyone should do it and it doesn't even seem that unhealthy. But I'm telling you, you could have a raging drinking habit. You could just be a raging drunk, which I've done as well. I've been a raging drunk for many years. Falling in bushes, walking home throwing up on myself a little bit after a good old three-day bender in Vegas. I I've done that, too. Trust me, gaming is much more damaging than that. So, you chronic alcoholics, don't change a thing as you watch this video. In fact, do more of it. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. I'm just kidding. Stop. We We're going to We're going to make a stop drinking video here soon, but I got to fix you. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] playing games. So, you got to understand this about them and why they're ruining your life and you don't even know it. All right. So, look, my merry little hobbit virgin. There are many bad things that us dudes do. We drink. We do drugs. We talk to dudes on only fans pretending to be women and give them money to show us pictures of some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot sloot. We got a lot of demons, but video games by far if there's success. Okay, we got one booby over here and then we got video games. Video games are the best on the left booby. Video games are the best divider of a man between a life of failure and a life of success. There is absolutely nothing that will get in your brain and stop you from being successful more than video games. Now, I know what you're thinking. Elon Musk plays video games. He plays a lot of Diablo. Okay, I'm going to make you a deal in this video. I'm going to make you one deal. When you are 1/ 1,000th, actually one 10,000th as successful as Elon Musk, aka you have $40 million in your bank account, I give you permission to play video games. Does that sound fair? Okay, then you can start comparing yourself to Elon Musk, the most successful man living on planet Earth right now. But until then, we're going to have to lower our standards of who we compare ourselves to. Okay. Okay. Thanks. And you need to understand how video games do this because like I said before, they are very much accepted. Like drinking for example, no one bats an eye if someone gets drunk every single week. And I've been there. Everyone's like, "Ah, you know, Alex is just drunk again and yelling things that will get him banned off the internet for life. He's fine. Don't worry about him." It's acceptable. Video games, they are not only accepted, it's like a very accepted, pushed upon lifestyle that many men adopt and then they do it every day when they get home and then it slowly ruins their life and they don't think anything about it. Here's why. See, the first thing you need to understand about video games is why they feel so damn good. And so what video games are are essentially drugs. What do I mean by this? So a drug, just like alcohol, the reason why you have fun when you're drinking alcohol is not because you're actually having fun. It's not because you're connecting with other people or being social. Uh it's not because of any of that. It's because you drank a poison or maybe a tasty tasty old-fashioned, a delicious treat. Poison or delicious treat, whatever you want to call it. But this delicious treat then triggered all the happy chemicals in your mind, all the dopamine, all the good feelings, all the social connection chemicals to get all released at once. So technically what you're doing is you're not actually enjoying anything. You're pushing a button that releases all the chemicals that simulate enjoyment that then make you confused and make you think that you're enjoying something. This is why when you do a lot of things that you do when you're drinking, but you do them sober, you don't actually enjoy it. That's because you don't actually have fun doing them. This is why you probably have friends when you drink with them uh and then you hang out with them sober, it's terrible. It's because you don't actually like any of the things you're doing or the people you hang out with. You're just literally pushing all the happy chemicals in your brain. You are hacking your brain. This is why you could do something as simple as painting your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] house drunk and it's a good time. You don't enjoy painting your house. You enjoy the hacking of thy brain. It's like you have a really slow Honda Civic, but then you put a rocket on top of it and send it down the highway at 1,000 m per hour and say, "Look, I got a really fast car. It's as fast as Lamborghini." No, you put a rocket on top of your car. The car itself is not fast. So this is the exact same thing going on with video games in a much more subtle way because there are certain things that a man needs in his life like ambition, goals, fulfillment, accomplishment, and even interaction with other people. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. Like who who cares about that? You need these things in your life. And these things feel really really good to go after. We can also add things like progress, creating things, stuff like that. So, what video games are exceptionally good to do is poking all of these things just in the same exact way that alcohol or a drug or any type of other addictive substance would push buttons in your brain. Because when you're playing a video game, what they're designed to do, like there's literally a developer sitting there, it's it's to trigger as much dopamine and these feelings as possible. These feelings that you desperately need. That's why you play video games. That's why you can play them for 12 hours straight. Trust me, I've had the 12, 15 hour World of Warcraft play sittings. Like, I've been there as well. How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can a person possibly do it? It's because these games dump these things on your brain. It's because every single aspect of them, especially modern games, like maybe Super Mario 64 was kind of more of like, hey, you can only get so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] high collecting stars. But if you ever played more recent games, part particularly MMOs, online multiplayer games, a lot of the things on mobile phones, really just any game in general these days, they all have these hooks in them. They are meant to hook into your brain and trigger each of these things to a tea. If you look at how they develop games, they are set up at first to give you as huge of dopamine hits as possible for as little effort as possible. And then they shrink the dopamine hits and then lengthen out the time to get them. And so as you're playing these games, they're rigged to give you this sense of ambition, goal achievement, fulfillment, but it's really you're not getting any of these things out of life. You're not actually doing anything or doing any goals. The game is rigged to give you these things. The game is rigged for you to win. And so it's like this train track that gives you all these senses of accomplishment and focus and success when you're not actually getting any accomplishment or success. you're on a trail, a train track that's meant to simulate these things in the most intense possible euphoric way. Trust me, if you are ever working on your business or you're doing you're in the gym or something, you will feel accomplishment and success as you hit your goals, but it's nothing like you'll feel playing World of Warcraft. It's nothing like you'll ever play playing a video game. That is the red-hot crystal meth feeling, ooh, I I got to go get that next hit. Oo, I'm addicted to it. This is why people say they're addicted to gaming. This is why they talk about how good it feels the game because the game is designed to press these buttons in the hardest hitting way possible. It's like they crafted a drug for male ambition, success, and fulfillment that perfectly hits it. Gets it to dump all the chemicals telling you you've done these things when you actually really haven't. Now, I know what you're thinking at this point. Okay, so it's like telling me you're successful when I'm not. Why is it bad? This is why it's bad. Three extremely very bad things happen with this. Okay, the first and most obvious one right here, and these all tie into each other, and they're more kind of more or less the same thing, but I have to explain every aspect to it, is dopamine. I'm sure you guys have heard people talking about dopamine and how you need to get it from the right sources and dopamine fasting. If you go back like five, six years on YouTube, I was the first person to really be hammering this home. By the way, if you look at all self-help content on YouTube, it's basically copying me from five to six years ago. I take credit for literally everything. Every piece of good information on YouTube you see pretty much came from my OG channel. So you should just go watch that thing endlessly. Monk mode. Alex Becker. That was that was the peak of my ego right there. But the most basic one is you are completely blowing out your dopamine systems. And this is way too much stimulation. You should never be experience any type of drove of euphoria from all these male ambitious success goals right here at these levels, especially for doing something as simple as playing video games. This is like emotions and accomplishment you should feel when you've won the Super Bowl. It's not meant for human brains. And so, the first thing you're going to do right here is you're going to blow out all your dopamine. This is going to stop you from enjoying literally anything normal. It's also going to stop you from enjoying video games. If you notice, if you've played video games for a long time, I played it for like 15 years. When I first started playing video games, I could play Super Mario 64 and it's a very straightforward game. You just go collect the star. There was no leaderboards, there was no leveling up, there was no nothing like that. And that used to be like, oh my god, oh my gez. I used to go play Unreal Tournament and instead of there being ranking rooms where you leveled up and grew, you just log onto a server and you just play games with no real score tracking, no real point with other dudes online. Oh my god. But now when you play video games, there has to be an intricate leveling system. The visuals have to be super intense. Like games from the past are literally unenjoyable because our doping levels are raised so high because these things are so optimized to hit us now that you can't even enjoy past games or games that don't have some addictive system built into them. So backing up to all this, it stops you one from enjoying it's so intense. It actually stops you from enjoying games. This is why you get bored with games now. like if very quickly I can't even play most games because I the dopamine level or the bar is so high these days. But more so it's going to make it so you don't enjoy anything else. You might notice a lot of gamers, they beat a game and then they just need another game and then they're really bored and they're waiting for another game to come out to give them a hit. They don't enjoy anything else they could possibly do. I've been in World of Warcraft bouts where I don't want to work out. I don't want to work on my business. I don't even want to go out and like talk to people. It stops you from enjoying literally everything else. It's not because you're doing something great or it's so fun. It's because this game is literally set up just like heroin to push every single button in your brain to trigger every good feeling that you usually have to do something to feel without any effort. So your brain says, "Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would I leave my house? Why would I go work out? Why would I even want to work in my business when I can just get everything I'm looking for right here?" Now, you need to understand when it comes to dopamine, your brain is not a principled thinker. That means it doesn't make deep connections to your well-being. It doesn't see something like, hey, so he's doing this thing for two to three weeks and then he's going to be successful later for it and then it's going to make sure our life is comfortable later on. All it sees is immediate feedback on what you're doing at the time. So this is why, for example, when people do heroin, the body sees you getting every single good feeling and chemical and reward that it's optimized to get after. And so what it does is your brain thinks about the shortest way to get from A to B, which is the place where all these chemicals are released and trigger them. And since it sees what you're doing right here is the quickest way to get here. And then working out, going to the gym, and like doing long-term things is long, your brain is simply going to optimize for this. It's an optimization machine. So it doesn't care that this is actually damaging you because it doesn't think in the principles. It doesn't say, well, if I take this path and then get to B, then C will eventually happen. It doesn't it can't actually comprehend this because it's not thinking in principles and it doesn't think at all. It just simply optimizes like a algorithm. And so when you replace heroin right here with games, what it sees is the way to get success and ambition in your life, the way you feel fulfillment, the way you feel achievement, the way you feel connected, the way you feel engaged is to get here. And this rewards you so much more heavily and faster than let's just say working out. In this instance, it's going to optimize completely around this and then suddenly everything else in your life becomes very boring. Now, this is bad for so many reasons. If you want to build a business, it needs to be at least kind of fun. If you want to get successful in life in anything, working out, sports, talking to chicks, I don't know, anything that a dude might want to do, it needs to be fun and engaging. It simply won't be. And this is where the the second worst thing falls into it. it becomes the ultimate distraction in your brain. So, for example, if I'm in a World of Warcraft binge or I'm leveling a character or something like that, when I'm in the shower, and this is how you can really gauge where you are in life and where your priorities are. What do you think about in the shower? So, if I'm playing a lot of video games, what I'm thinking about is the video game. Literally sitting around like, "Okay, how do I get this next item? How do I get this next thing? How do I level up in this situation right here?" I guarantee if you're playing a lot of games right now aggressively or it's like your number one hobby, you go home or you're at work or you're doing anything and you're really thinking about this game a whole lot. Now, here's the problem with any of this. The things that you think about are the things you're going to be successful at just simply because thinking about them leads you to solutions. You can also get all self-help meditation hippie- dippy about and think, well, what you think about brings what you think about into your reality kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about, which is technically true. But if we want to narrow down to the most simplest thing, if I'm thinking about my business and optimizing my business all day and and how I can learn more to optimize my business, all my actions are also going to reflect that. And the things I think about and the deep thoughts I have are actually going to show up in my business because a lot of times when you think about problems, you find really creative solutions to them. Now, if 70% of my time is going towards thinking about a video game, which it will, you're not going to have that. You're not going to make progress in anything you're doing. So the first thing first you be it life. We can talk about how it stops you from being social. We can talk about how it makes you waste endless amounts of hours in front of a computer playing a game. But that's the come the most important thing is all your focus and everything shifts to the game because your brain sees it as the fastest way to get from A to B. There's no reason to be thinking about video games. There's no reason to be thinking about improving your body or anything else in your life. This is where all the good things come from. So why think about anything else? And suddenly your brain and everything locks into that and that's going to stop you from being successful more than anything else. If you go and have a drinking habit Monday through Friday, you can still be locked into your business. If you go and smoke pot every single night, you can wake up and still be locked into your business. Look at Seth Rogan. He smokes more pot and watches more men bang his wife than any man possibly should and he still is very, very successful. Hell, you can just you can have a combination of all of the bad habits, but usually Monday through Friday, you can be very successful and focus on what you're doing. You're going to be slower and dumber and feel worse because it but your brain is still locked in. Gaming is one of the few hobbies you can pick up that is going to push your dopamine levels so far that you only think about that. For example, you could say, "Well, Alex, you play guitar." That's basically the same thing. You don't really get any benefits out of life from playing guitar. Or Alex, you have bouts where you do jiu-jitsu like crazy for long periods of time, dedicating tons of hours and research into it. Yes. But the difference between guitar and video games is a guitar is not some little system, this little machine, this little fake experience that a person designed to press every single ambition chemical that is in my brain, every single sense of a fulfillment to the extremes where my brain can't think about anything else. If I play guitar for a couple hours, my brain is not going to be so locked in guitar that I can't focus on anything else. My brain's not going to say, "This is the strongest sense of dopamine on planet Earth. Forget literally everything else you're doing. Focus on this." That's not going to happen. And games are one of the very few things that are able to do this and then suck up all of your damn time and your creative time. See, what happens when you game is the same exact thing when you work or you get in the zone, okay? Your flow state. So, you might notice when you when you play games, I love in the sense of the word is in the sense of the word. When I say love, I mean the ability for games to dump chemicals on my brain. So, it's not technically love. It's this fake experience that's meant to manipulate my brain, but still feels good. So, I'm going to use the word love right here. There's some satisfaction with getting up in the morning on a Saturday with nothing to do, drinking a ton of coffee, and then playing your video game, your favorite video game. You load up World of Warcraft. Oh, great. Time to go mine and improve my character for the next 12 hours. And this is what's technically called your flow state. And you want to be spending this on areas of your life where you have impact or impact your level of success because this is the best state where you get stuff done. And what gaming is going to do is it's going to absorb all your ambitious state or your flow state. Yeah, you'll be at work, but really where you're going to be putting in the real work, your creative impactful work is going to be in that game when you get home. Or if you are, you're a successful entrepreneur, you can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want whenever you want like I do. I can just be like, you know what, it's a Tuesday, but do I really want to work? Nah, I think I'll play the game. And all the flow state and all the creative work is going to go in there. You're going to rush through your work. You're going to rush through the important things so you can get to your flow state in the game. There's no other thing that I can think of that actually does that other than maybe hot crazy women, but that's an entirely other subject that's going to ruin your life, young man. We're not going to talk about that today. There's really nothing on planet Earth that will do that. Nobody's like, "Ah, I got to rush to get home so I can drink on a Tuesday." Well, maybe that's some of you. I don't know. But no one wakes up maybe on a Saturday morning and like, "Ah, I got to drink some coffee and then sit by the pool and pound beers." Okay, maybe some of you do that, too. Look, it's worse than it's worse than drinking. I promise. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back to this. Gaming is the only thing that will actually do this to you. And so what then happens is you start getting all the things that make you successful, that drive you to be successful, all the good things, which is represented by this blob. You like my drawings? They're they're really explanatory, I know. But all the things just shifting around this dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and everything. It's it's the very good teaching tool, I know. But all the things that drive you to be successful and drive you to become the man that you want to be, you get them from video games. And then it drives you into the worst possible place you could possibly be, which is wasting all your time, energy, and mental focus on games. And then blowing out your happiness sensors and your fulfillment sensors to the point that you can only get it from games. And this is bad if you can't tell by now because you desperately need these things to motivate you to become the person you want to be. If your brain is doing that A to B thing I just talked about from games, you don't get a reward for this B. I don't know if you've ever seen how most men end up when they end up gamers. If you go look at the gamer community as a whole, the the older gamer community and the younger community, they're very angry all the time. And so, for example, I told you when I was watching that Super Mario or that Mario Kart live stream from Nintendo, I saw people losing their mind. and you get on you got on X and I see people losing their mind over a $20 price increase for a children's game. Let me point the scenario right here. Imagine being 30 years old and what you're doing on a Tuesday afternoon is watching a live stream about the release of a video game, a children's game where you play as a plumber throwing shells at people. And then the people say, "Hey, this is going to cost $20 extra." And you you have an avid emotion to it. Like you get online and spend hours complaining about it with other people. Your life is in a really dark spot of that place. There's so many things we can talk about right there that are a problem. But I think you can sum them all up. And the reason why this takes a person to such a dark place is because you are taking your life force, your most important chemicals that are going to drive you to be successful. You're dedicating them to a game. You're taking your time and energy and putting them into a game. You're taking your focus and your thoughts and you're putting them into a game. Not just a game because like football is a game. You're putting them into a false experience that is literally a fake experience that's meant to make you feel like you are accomplishing something when you're not. The game is literally rigged for you to beat it. It's a it's a chemical loop that is meant to trick the human brain into thinking it's experiencing something that it's not. In the same way that when you're drinking and you're talking to somebody and you feel connection with them, you're not feeling a connection to them. You're having your serotonin and all the chemicals that simulate connection being dumped on their brain giving you a false connection with a person. And it's just like drinking to make friends. When you do that, you actually don't make friends. This is why a lot of people have tons of friends in their 20s that they drink with and everybody stops drinking and no one hangs out anymore because they're not actually friends. And so all that investment they put into those people actually doesn't end up paying up and then they end up at 30, 40, no friends. Seems familiar? You probably noticed a lot of your parents went through that same exact phase. If you're getting a little bit older now, you might be noticing the same exact thing too happening to you. Gaming is like that times 10, but it ties not into making friends, but to success. Because gaming is one of the few things where the reward is non-existent. If you go and play football for tons of hours, maybe you don't get to the NFL, but you're going to learn a lot. Your body's going to be improved. You're going to learn a lot about yourself, your character, building successful habits, stuff like that. Same thing with going to doing jiu-jitsu, learning to play guitar. You even will able to make friends with people, maybe go play some gigs. There's going to be benefits to you long term with these with these hobbies and time you're putting into something. If you go and work on a business for 10 years for fun, you get to the point where you're able to enjoy your job, whether it's a business or you're just an employee and you enjoy what you're doing. By the way, you can make so much money being an employee. I like the stress on my videos. Every other channel just tells people, "Oh, being an employee is the worst thing ever." No, trust me, I have employees that are closing in on eight figures net worth from working for me. You can make a lot of money as an employee. But that's off topic. Backing up to this, if you work in a business, you do anything for 10 years, you're going to walk away with a lot of experiences and learnings that make you a much better person. Gaming is the only thing where you can put in thousands of hours and you get the same experience over and over again and you gain nothing. I want you to think I I put in thousands of hours into World of Warcraft. I have nothing to show for it. Nothing to show for it. And look, I'm not saying you can't have interesting experiences in video games. I remember beating Super Mario 64. I remember Final Fantasy X, that ending. I still go back and watch videos and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a tear. Poor poor Yuna. I have thousands of hours playing fighting games and platform games. And yes, I got better at those games and then I stopped playing them and I have absolutely nothing to show for it. And they really didn't teach me anything because you didn't you don't have to leave your comfort zone to play video games. If I go and put in a thousand hours in jiu-jitsu, one, I'm going to be able to beat up pretty much everyone I meet. I'm going to learn so much about myself. I'm going to make friends. It's going to teach me result. so much stuff and I'm going to have tons of new experiences and new learnings from it. When you play video games, you're going to have the same experience over and over again past the first 50 hours. How many video games have you beaten? It's the same travel or journey every single time. Start a game, grow a character, do some challenges that are actually meant for you to beat them and then get to the end of the game. And most games these days don't work like old games. It's not like Final Fantasy X where you play the game and then you stop. And the way most people play the games, if you're like me, I put like 500 hours into Final Fantasy X. So don't tell me like, oh, you just want to do it for the story and the experience. No, I sat there leveling my character into Oblivion and getting nothing for it. If I had been a kid and I taken the thousands of hours that I played video games and put it into learning code, businesses, the jiu-jitsu, learning guitar, oh my gosh, I'd have so many cool things to show for it. But instead, I'd just have the same stupid repetitive experiences over and over and over again. and all these skills that they put into all these games that become worthless the second you stop playing them. And there might be a few of you thinking, well, what if you become a pro professional gamer or streamer? You're not. And professional gamers make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And professional streamers who play games probably not going to be you. So to wrap it all up, you have games, which are these things that hijack all the things in your head that are going to drive you to be successful. They make it so you can't enjoy anything below this threshold. Everything else in your life will become boring because of games. They hijack all your thoughts, time, and energy that is going to drive you to be successful in business or anything that makes you improvement. It's also going to make improving at things that take periods of boredom unbearable. If you're actively playing video games, doing something like sitting around and optimizing a landing page for your business is not going to be exciting. It's not going to be fun. And then finally, they give you nothing. They take thousands and thousands of hours. I have over 10,000 hours in video games. I could have used that to master something, math, like actually truly master it. But instead, I have tons of repetitive experiences that hijacked all my time and took away years and years of my life of focus, energy, and ambition. All for manipulated fake experiences. Now, am I saying you can't ever game ever again? No, I'm not saying that. For example, I'm playing Donkey Kong Bonanza right now. Everyone's be like, "Whoa, he's playing games." Or I'll play games on stream from time to time. or when Monster Hunter released. I played that for a few few days. I'm not saying you can't ever play games ever again. Is it beneficial if you don't? Yes. What I'm saying is that you really need to look at games for what they are. So, for example, like with alcohol, I still occasionally drink, but I know the bundle of matches that I'm playing with and I look at it with extreme pessimism and I know exactly what I'm doing when I drink. I don't drink to make friends. I don't drink to feel connection with people because I know it's all all fake. I drink because getting drunk is kind of fun sometimes, but I do it very rarely because it slows on all the things in my life that I really care about. And I don't confuse it with something that's actually important. The same thing comes with games. So, when I'm like going to load up and play Donkey Kong Bananza once a week and go catch some bananas for an hour or two, I don't look at it as something that is important and I look at it with extreme pessimism. And when I see new games and stuff come out, I don't feel the need to play them or include them in my life because I know that I've had that experience before. And I'm going to get so much better enjoyment out of my life from doing the things and keeping my brain obsessed with what I'm actually working on. See, your your personality is not actually your personality. Your personality for the most part and what you enjoy doing and what you think about all the time is actually your brain optimizing for dopamine and these chemicals. So, for example, if you drink a lot, your brain is not going to drive you to go make friends and socialize and do like normal stuff. It's going to drive you to drink because it gets connections from there. It's going to optimize for that. So, you're going to think, "Wow, I really like drinking. This is something that's important to me." No, it's just your brain optimizing. Same thing applies with video games. If you're playing video games a lot, you're going to think your personality is like, "Hey, that's one of my hobbies." No, it's not. Your brain is just optimizing for that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Your hobbies can be whatever your brain optimizes for, like building a business or working out. You just have to structure your brain to get dopamine from those things. And then your brain is going to go, "Oh, wow. I really enjoy this thing." For example, I don't enjoy working out if I'm actively playing World of Warcraft. It's a huge burden to me. I don't enjoy doing tedious things like optimizing ads for my business if I'm playing World of Warcraft. I want to go and finish up that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And me being an extremely driven, ambitious person suddenly loses the taste for these things that are important to me. And that's because your brain is going to optimize itself and optimize its hobbies for the quickest way to get the dopamine releases. And there is nothing more manipulative and better designed than video games. And that is why you really shouldn't play these things. If you're in your 20s, it shouldn't be a hobby. It shouldn't be a habit that you have. It shouldn't be something you routinely do. If you find yourself thinking about games or wanting to play games or rushing home to play games, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're just throwing your life down the drain. You're throwing huge chunks of it away. Thousands and thousands and thousands of hours. And more importantly, your ability to enjoy anything else. You're throwing it away. So, you just shouldn't do it. It shouldn't be something you enjoy. It's not going to take you anywhere good in life. It's not going to bring you any level of happiness or fulfillment. Everything you're enjoying is fake anyways from it. It's making everything else in your life that's going to bring you the best possible life you're going to have bland and tasteless. So, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop doing it. And that's the video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: 99% Of Men Are Doomed. Do This NOW To Make It
VIDEO ID: veoqCpndof4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veoqCpndof4
================================================================================

Dude, the feminist, they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] won. Looking at these stats right here, if you're a man in America who wants to be successful, which I assume you are because you're watching these videos, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're screwed, man. And I'm sure you're somewhat aware of this. It's why you're probably pessimistic and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all the time, which is why you see the title of this video, how to beat 99% of men, and you're super skeptical that in the next 13 minutes, I can show you how to do that. And frankly, I get why you think like that when we go through these stats and these metrics right here that's happened. It's bad. And I know what you're thinking. And this douchebag in front of Lamborghini probably just wants to sell me some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, I'm already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not going to sell you anything. And by all metrics, I've beat a 99% of men. I'm very rich. I bet the nine figure net worth in my early 30s. I've had a six-pack for a decade now. And I'm also happily married to an attractive woman who is nice to me. So, by all tangible metrics, I've beaten 99% of men. So, you better trust me. Six ways to your mom's chocolate milk cookies that Yeah, I can tell you how to do it. And it really comes down to one thing I'm going to show you in this video. And it's the one thing all these dudes that are suffering from these stats I'm about to go through are lacking. So [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pay attention for 10 minutes, please. Because what's happening to these guys, what's going to happen to you is dark. Look at these stats. This is ridiculous. I just went to chat GBT and said, "Chat GBT, how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are men in America?" I didn't actually ask that. It gave me a completely different picture. Got some really interesting links on that. I'm not going to say I didn't explore them, but that's off topic. So, we're not going to That's a totally other video. That's a very sexy video that we're gonna have in the future when I have more followers and you can unsubscribe. But looking at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like right now, what is going on with you guys? And again, I have to solution to this, but let me let's judge and and laugh at men in America right now. One in three men under 30 haven't had sex in a year or ever. In 2008, 8% of men 18 to 24 were virgins. By 2018, the number has doubled to 27%. I guarantee now it's in like the 35% 40%. And among men 18 to 30, over 25% say they've never been in a serious relationship. But wait, wait, it gets dark, man. You guys just aren't not getting laid. Men under 40 are two to three times more likely to be addicted to porn, gaming, and substances. So, for the many of my followers, look guys, I love you all the same. I know you're 5'2 neck beards. I know hentai catg girls and sitting in your room smoking pot while rubbing butter on your belly is really your favorite thing to do. But come on, guys. We got to get it together. Heck, just looking at this right here, one in three men aged 25 to 34 live with their parents. And over four out of 10 men in the US is morbidly obese. One in three men, one in three men 18 to 39 are obese. And of all you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on dating apps, women are swiping right, which is accepting you 5% of the time. Look, I get why it's dark, man. After reading all that, I get why you guys are a little bit pessimistic these days. I get why you're a little bit edgy and why you're upset all the time because it clearly looks like the world is against you. And when you look at everything on the news, they hate men. When you look at women right now, they've changed and they hate men. Everywhere I go on my newsfeed right now, I'm just going to put a little newsfeed of mine on here. It is the war against men. The loneliness epidemic of men. Men are making less money than ever. It's harder to make money and make your way in the world than ever. the entire Democratic party has made it their mission to either me to you, make sure you're poor or make you feel bad for using the wrong pronouns or punish you for not being by. And so when you look at this total summary of everything that's happening to dudes right now and the effects of it, man, the world is is really bad for dudes right now. There is literally a war against men and uh they they're winning. And in this video, I'm going to fix all that. I'm going to fix it all actually in the next 10 seconds. But then I'm going to fix it, give you the thing to focus on. Just one thing. It's just one thing. It's one little thing and then I'm going to show you a few paths that you can do, things you need to do now if you're in your 30s or definitely extremely like immediately if you're in your 20s that will fix all of it. It will fix it all. You'll be fine. So, here's number one. Here's the big one. All right. Get get out your notebook over here. Write out your notebook. Get a Sharpie. It's going to be very big. You're only going to need to write one thing. Here it is. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Point number one. I'm going to give you a few simple things you will do that if you do, I promise you, you will beat 99% of men. Hands down. Easy. it won't be a problem. I'll even link you to videos right after this that are going to enable you to get rich. And I won't even sell you a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] course or some mastermind or some Discord group where I try to teach you how to be a man. I'm not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that. I'm just going to fix it all in one video. And I'll show you to make money without selling a course either. I'll fix it all in couple videos. If your short Gen Z millennial brain can avoid the Tik Tok syndrome of clicking away here for a couple minutes, here's the thing you need to keep in mind. Who gives a point one as a man? It is. There's never been a time in society where your job was to sit around and care and take care of other men. Maybe when you get to some point of giant wealth or something like that like I'm doing now and helping you, but who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares what the world is doing? There is an endless amount of men making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money right now. I made [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money already this year and there's absolutely nothing stopping you from doing that. Yeah, the whole entire world is throwing men down a bus and a lot of men are succumbing to the negativity that's being thrown at them. Does that mean you have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it? And does it mean the negativity is even that hard to deal with? Let me let me break one thing down for you right here. If you compare this time of being a man compared to any other time in society's history, it's technically easier than ever. Look, I know the 70s to the 2005s or whatever, it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome to be a man. Cuz not only were women out of the workforce, so you made all the money. There was no internet so you couldn't get metoed. There was no social media so you weren't having to compete against good-looking guys with six-pack women. They really only know the the immediate 150 200 dudes within their vicinity. Okay? So, if you were like the one dude that was like a seven or something, you were doing pretty well. Now, a seven is basically a two. If you go on Instagram, every girl is like, "Why don't why don't Zack Efron looks like this? Why don't you? Zack Efron has a million dollars. Why don't you?" So, yeah, it's it's the comparison and everything. It's it is pretty hard right now compared to like the ' 80s or 70s, but you go back maybe like 40 in the 40s or something like that. They were literally grabbing you and putting you on ships and sending you off to war. Like in the 50s or 70s, literally the average experience for a 20-year-old was you get kidnapped by the government and have to go to the jungle to fight in a mortal combat fight to the death against a bunch of angry Vietnamese people climbing in tunnels whose life goal was to light you on fire. Like, it's not that bad, first off, but secondly, just cuz 99% of other dudes are having a bad time, it doesn't mean you have to have a bad time. Look, I'm going to tell you something straight up. I made a ton of money this year. Since the age of 30, I've had a six-pack. When I was 20 years old, I was very, very bad at talking to women. I was an incredibly awkward [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] As you can see, I've totally become well adjusted in this day and age. If you look at Yeah, this is this is peak emotional maturity and stability right here. But ignore the fact I was bad at talking to women. I managed to fix that. I was in fact just a basket case. I was depressed all the time, drinking, watching the tits on the inner tube, smoking pot, doing all the things. And now I I don't. And I'm going to tell you what, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Joe Biden, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the woke the the woke cult, a bunch of purple-haired women, the the women from the view, they they didn't show up on my doorstep and stop me. Nothing. No one showed up to stop me. And so, the bigger point I have to I have to get into right now before all this as I scroll through my YouTube newsfeed constantly. constantly reading Charlie Kirk or whatever his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name is telling me how hard it is to be a man and seeing Andrew Tate and all the other people and everybody in their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dog out there and all the ma fitness influencers and male uh alpha male influence telling me, "Oh, it's so hard being in war on men so dark right now. Women suck right now." Blah blah blah. Women have always sucked. When was when was there a time when there wasn't a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dudes who were not doing well in life that were mad that they weren't getting laid? Like women have never been nice to dudes first off. There was never like a time where you were in a bar like I I went up and I I lived back in the day where you'd have to approach women at bars. Trust me, they weren't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nice. If you were a short little 5'2 neck beard and you went approaching women at the bars with your little funky haircut, want to show them your Pokemon cards and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, they weren't nice then either. Okay, there's a point where frumpy little dudes had a good time. So, get get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of your mind. I'm sorry that women are going on Only Fans now and showing their butts for millions of dollars. The thing that you need to come back to as I as I before I get on any of these rants right here is it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter if it's hard. There is nothing stopping you from being that 1% of man that gets all the things that everybody's talking about that they can't get anymore. There's nothing stopping you. Yes, 99 other dudes are having a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time. Why do you? There is nothing stopping you from making good amounts of money. There's nothing stopping you from getting a six-pack and being good-looking and taking care of yourself. I know the average view on this channel has a height of about 411, but other than that, I mean, you you there are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] girls out there for you. You'll be fine. You go into your little Hobbit gym, my little 4 foot1 followers, you can lift some weights, get jacked, you'll be fine. You still won't be able to reach the top shelf at the grocery store, but that's fine. You just don't just don't go to the grocery store with women. You got Whole Foods people to go shopping for you right now. They'll grab the top shelf for you. Just go hire some tall 6'7 Amazonian woman to go do your shopping. Heck, you could just go marry a tall Amazonian woman. She'll get all the top stuff. You won't even need to use those stools or ladders. Okay, I'm done with this rant. There's nothing stopping you from taking care of yourself when you're looking. There's nothing stopping you from being incredibly remarkably strong and not playing video games or smoking pot or drinking or watching pornography 24. There's nothing stopping you. And so what I see all these men doing out there is they watch all these videos and they're just like, "Well, I guess I'll just be an insult now. Like the world's so mean to me. It's so tough out there. All the women on the view keep saying I'm bad. I guess they'll justing ruin my life." Like that's what I'm seeing guys doing. And you just have to simply not submit. I don't care if it's hard. I don't care if most people are failing. Just don't be the one that fails. All it takes is it's not easy. It's not easy. But you just have to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] consistent. Pick where you want to go in life. Pick the things that you don't want to have problems with or you don't want to suffer from and then fix them. I'm going to give you some really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] starting points right here. So look, as a man right here, there are things that are going to control your results in life more than anything else. It's your ability to make money. It's ability to control your health. It's your ability to be mentally strong and it's going to be your ability to probably interact with women. So, here's lesson number one on all these four things is you need to take the mind if you're a man right now. Every single one of these four things is adjustable. For some reason, I almost everyone I knew growing up, everyone I know now still believes this. Everybody, most men seem to believe that all these things are just set in stone. Like you either are born with the ability to make money, talk to women, be in shape, be decent looking, and handle your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay? They feel like your personality, everything's just ingrained into it. So, when I was growing up and I was in my 20s or whatever, no one I knew was trying to figure out how to make more money. No one I knew was trying to improve at talking to women. No one I knew that was trying to really improve their body shape or whatever. They're just like, "Oh, 22, this is basically what I look like." If you look at me in my 20s versus how I look now, no, you're not. It's not just basically what you look like. Every aspect of yourself outside your atrociously, atrocious shortness is completely augmentable. You can change all of it. And so the first thing you need to realize is you can just change all this just like a character in a video game. There's almost nothing you can't change, especially if you're still young. And so you have no excuse for just being like, hm, all right, so all I have to do is move these meters over here and then I'll be above the 99% of men and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they're dealing with that looks like a bad time. I mean, sitting in my house smoking pot, jerking off to dudes, pretending to be girls on only fans, that seems dark. I don't want to be there. So I'm going to adjust these meters right here. And then all you have to do is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. So, here's where you start with any of these things. Let's talk about money. Are you going to be as rich as me? Well, look, I'm 37. It took me like 15 years, a long ass time to get to the large net worth I have now. That's really slow. I see so many 20-year-olds doing it so much faster. I I'm I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. I'm really not that good compared to most 20-year-olds I seeing today. I'm seeing so many 20-year-olds building better, smarter, faster businesses than I did when I was 20. I mean, my first businesses, Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Batman. That was some dark [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But I'm seeing kids putting together SAS businesses and getting to an $80 million valuation in their second week now. All right. So, are you going to get as rich as me? Maybe. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You should give it a shot. I did it. But the thing you need to realize is even if you're not trying to get worth multiple nine figures or hundreds of millions of dollars. You can still learn valuable skills. You learn those valuable skills and then you sell them to businesses or you do them for businesses as a job. You can make tons of money as an employee. By the way, by the way, I have employees at my company who joined Hyros who started off as like the COO, for example. They worked their way up originally to CEO, then they got equity in my company. Uh there's people at my company right now that have almost an eight figureure net worth just from working for me. So, you can do it as an employee. You just have to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at what you do. So, the first thing you need to think about when it comes to money is a I can get rich or make a lot of money at least compared to most people. And then realize the way to do that is you take your trade [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seriously. I know this sounds like such basic advice, but there's so many people out there that don't look at their trade and say, "hm, what are the skill sets that go into being able to charge a lot for my job?" For example, Facebook just went and offered someone $100 million to come program their AI. What did that person do? He's an employee. He's getting paid hundreds of million dollars because he went and learned a valuable skill set that a business needs. So, what you want to learn if you're an employee or a person selling to businesses is what do businesses need? What do people who are making money need? And how can I create something that gives them value that makes them more money or saves them money? and then learn how to do that really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] well. That's it. Like even if you're employee or you make a business, they're both the same thing. What do I do at high-risisk my software company? I looked at what businesses were doing running ads and I thought, how can we make them more money? How can we give them value? And then how can I build teams, build software, and do all those things? So, I figured out a bunch of things to do that, but it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] augmentable. And it started literally when I first got in the business, I said, what do businesses need? They need more customers. What's one way I could do that? SEO. There's a plethora of different ways. I followed that path. I use that to also land jobs doing SEOs for companies that I worked at. Just realize that you can poke the matrix back. That's the most important thing I got to say because when I was 20 years old, I thought, hm, I don't where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does money come from? Why do people make money? Why do people get paid a lot of their jobs? I didn't know. And I didn't think it was augment. I wasn't going to college or anything like that. So, I was like, ah, cuz I just can't make money. Nothing's further than the truth. You are completely in control of how much money you make. You just have to learn skills that make people money or give value to people and then master those. and work very very hard them just like playing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] World of Warcraft for 40 hours a day. If you approach it like that, you're going to win. Next, your health. How you look, everything that goes in that. And yes, your health applies to how you look. I'm not going to be talking so much about like personal health in terms of like your organs and how long you live. That's extremely important, but that's probably not bogging you down right now. I'm talking about your actual physical health. Look, if you're a dude outside of how short you are, there is nothing stopping you from understanding how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food works, getting a basic skincare routine, making some money to fix your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] teeth. If you got jacked up, jaggled tooth, get some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] braces. Trust me, I know it sucks. My parents literally waited till the last year of high school to put me in braces. That was a fun last year. Fix your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] teeth. Learn some basic grooming. And then learn how to get a six-pack and put on muscles on your body. Learn how to eat protein and do these things. I wasn't necessarily good at any of these things when I first got started. I looked like a foot when I was in my 20s because I chronically drank and smoked pot and ate pizza for every single meal. There's nothing stopping you from learning these things. So, sit down and make a goal to absolutely learn how food works, what goes in your body and learn how to work out with aggression. I'm not saying you have to be some bodybuilder taking steroids or anything like that, but there is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason you shouldn't have a six-pack. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What are you doing with your time? Why do you have to eat cupcakes or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing that's stopping you from getting it? Why don't you Why don't you have some semblance of muscles? Why are you not lean? It's all controllable factors. These are all by your choice. Are the hot pockets and Chipotle burritos more important than what's going to control your results in life, which is your appearance. People are going to treat you differently. Women are going to treat you differently and you're going to feel better and feel more confident and you're not going to suck like 99% of men if you just go and handle this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here. Finally, your mental well-being and fortitude. Stop trying to avoid hard things in life. That's the only thing you have to do. What you need to do at 20, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who are living with your parents, like, what are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing? The reason why so many men are suffering right now is because they're allowed to be little baby ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When I was 18 and I was barely past high school, my dad was like, "Well, I'll see you later." And I joined the military and I learned how to be a man after that. I learned how to handle my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get together, which is what most men don't get the chance to do. They either go to college and their parents pay for it. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Or they stay in their parents house and like work from there and like don't go out and move out and like go see the world and stuff. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Or they sit around and they find some other reason tooodle around and not take on life's challenges. When you are 18 years old, you better have your suitcase [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] packed. Move out of your parents house, but it's expensive. Go bunk up with four other dudes who feel the same exact way. But I need to go to like college and have experience. No, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't. Just go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] find go move to college town. I guarantee there's three, four dudes. They're all broke, too. And you could just go split a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apartment or a few bedroom apartment. When I was in my 20s and I got out of the military, I just went and lived with buddies who were in college. And I had just a tiny little one-bedroom in this house, like this tiny little closet bedroom. And it was very, very cheap. Any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can afford that. I was working as a bartender/barback and then eventually doing little side gigs online for SEO. I wasn't making a lot of money. So, what you need to do immediately if you're young, get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of your parents house and just go out there and just throw yourself in the world and live broke. It's fine. It's fine. And what's going to teach you is how to handle your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and grow. That's going to make you mentally strong. I'd also encourage you to go and start learning how to fight. One of my biggest regrets is not going and doing more Muay Thai or jiu-jitsu when I was younger. In fact, I did none of it cuz I was a giant baby back [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I only started doing tons of it when I got older. But that's just going to help you another layer of confidence and mental fortitude. and then go actively pursue learning and not putting up with your stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] emotions. Those emotions in your head and the things that's telling you to cry or think or feel an ego or some emotional response to all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] videos telling you your life's over as a dude on internet. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ignore them and learn how to ignore them. Just get really good at ignoring those things. It doesn't matter. It's irrelevant. Those thoughts are not you. They have nothing to do with you. Like you can literally just sit here and watch your thoughts and all these stupiding things your brain produces. You can watch it like a television show. So that's obviously not you cuz you're watching it. So, not getting into that deep part right there, but master your damn mind and throw yourself into challenges. The reason why so many men are suffering is because they need to be challenged. You need to go and challenge yourself. When it comes to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] porn, video games, smoking, doing all stuff, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop doing it. I don't know what to tell you. Like, you know this is going to make your life so much worse, yet you keep doing it. I know it's tough. I've had to get off marijuana at 1.2. Marijuana. I think that's how the the grown-ups say it now. I sound old, but I had to stop doing that stuff at one point, too. Yeah, you can't sleep for a little bit. It's annoying. And yeah, not drinking every weekend while your boys are at the bar getting drunk and you're at home working. Yeah, it's kind of hard. And not playing video games. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's kind of depressing not being able to play Fortnite with your boys. But guess what? You get to be rich and have everything else you ever wanted in life. So, it kind of pays off. Just don't do these things. I'm not going to make a whole video on stopping these things right now. I have a video on not drinking that I'll give you later in this video that applies all those things in video games and whatnot. Then finally, women. So many guys are down and out cuz women suck now. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care if every girl is becoming a porn star right now and is mean and wants to date a tall millionaire. Why don't you just go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be a tall Well, most of you guys can't do it. Why don't you just go be a jacked millionaire? I see all these videos like, "Oh, all the men think they want to all the women want to date just Chads now and they they see all these movie stars on Instagram and social media is a thing. bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chess who are mad that they have to compete in the genetic arena of dating and sex. I'm sorry that women's expectations are too high these days. And I'm sorry women are crazy. They've always been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Like, thank you, internet, for discovering that women say all sorts of crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and do crazy things. And now dudes are like, "Well, girls are just either [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these days or they want they want too high status of men, so I'm just going to sit in my house and be an incel." Okay, great. your competition if you're a dude is even lower than it was before when I had to go do it. Like back in the day, I had to go to bars and actually walk up to women and talk to them. But guess what? Guess what? Out of when I would go to bars or I go out to meet women, there'd be 100 other dudes at the bar. I was the only one walking up and approaching girls and like trying to get good at talking to them. So, the first thing I'm going to tell you is that one, your ability to interact with women is just like everything else I talked about. You could just improve that. Now, I don't think I'm the world's best game player out there, the best spitter of game. I'm no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ryan Gosling, but you can get to the point where your interactions with most women are going to go pretty well. And then I see everybody complaining, oh, they want they want some millionaire with a six-pack. Why don't you just go be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] millionaire with a six-pack? Then all you have to do is just not eat potato chips, do crunches every single day, and then pick a craft and work on it and avoid video games, porn, and drinking, whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] other weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing. Like, you can do it. If if if that's your concern that women's bars are too high, yes, that sucks for the other 99% of dudes out there. It really does. You can't be some fat chad and expect to trick girls into dating you anymore. It sucks. I know. But for you, you don't have to be in that. You could just be the one the one that people pursue. Now, I'm not saying I'm the master of game or women or anything like that. I am telling you that if you focus on yourself and improving yourself, if you become mentally strong, you get yourself in shape, you make some money, you're going to be a top-of-the-line guy. And while I'm not saying every girl and their pack of sority sisters is going to want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, you're going to probably have a pretty decent ratio. an experience with women and you're probably not going to hate all of them because the experience will usually be positive because you're actually providing value which is what everyone's looking for in a relationship. The women's seeking value, you're seeking value, too. Instead of saying, "Well, I suck ass. Why does no one want to date me? Cuz you suck ass." And the solution all this too and all this this Gooner stuff and incel stuff, just go work on yourself. And then when you've reached the point where you're a top tier dude, if you're still awkward around women, everything cuz God forbid I was just terrible at it, just go practice. Just go practice. Go out, walk up to a girl, talk to her. Going to go terrible. She's going to think you're there to collect her hair and sniff her or something, which you probably are. I know you guys watching this channel, but it's fine. She'll reject you. Then just go do it again. And just just go do it again. Just go do it again. And then go on dates. Just when you trick them to go on the dates with you, just just go on more dates. And eventually, you'll just get comfortable and you'll realize the flow of the conversation, how it goes. And then she'll be like, "Wow, he does kind of well in life. Wow, he's not an emotional child. Wow, he like actually goes to the gym and doesn't have snaggle teeth and like washes his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face. And wow, he's like doing interesting things in his life. He's interesting. And guess what? Most of your interactions with women at that point when you have a decent socially passable personality and you have things going for you are going to be positive because you are going from being a commodity to rare. It's none of this is that hard. None of this is that hard. And I think the main thing that is really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up dudes right now is they go through these endless doomer posts and these videos from dudes telling you all women are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now. It's impossible to make money. The government hates you. The animals are leaving. All the men out there are suffering and and you you are going to suffer too and the world's just rigged against you. And they think in and every dude is thinking it's so hard right now. It's not. No one's even coming and trying to ship you off to fight a bunch of angry Asians in the woods. Your life is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. You just need to go and address the things I talked about head on. these these are just problems with long-term consequences that that all you need to do is overcome some short-term pain to get through and that's it. It's all going to be fine. So, in conclusion, yes, 99% of men are going down the drain. It's a war on dudes. Yes, there is clearly something really nasty going on the world that wants men to suffer and everything. And I don't think Andrew Tate is wrong. I don't think all these guys on the internet are technically wrong. What I think they're they're not helping is just this endless cultural shift of men deciding it's better to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it instead of just put it in an itemized checklist and deal with it one at a time. Other than the fact that you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything else is just completely up to you. It's completely up to you. And for the two people watching this video who got hit by a meteorite as a kid and you're like you're deformed and you look like you look like Dobby from Harry Potter, like I don't know. I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] help you. But for the 99% of dudes that are watching this video that everything in life is like mostly normal, you're fine. Just go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handle it. Write the list. Take it out. Checklist one at a time. You got it. You're going to be fine. Now, if you want to learn how to make money and whatnot, here's a video on how to get started to make your first 100,000 million bucks a year. Probably a good place to start. And um if you want to stop drinking and doing stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've linked them in the description. Okay, bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: How The .01% Get Rich Faster Than Everyone Else (Tax Free)
VIDEO ID: eieJOF4kYaE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eieJOF4kYaE
================================================================================

So, I don't know if you heard. I'm just being humble of of course you've heard, but as you may know or not know really, I'm obnoxiously rich. And one of the reasons I'm obnoxiously rich is I move money in a very specific way that allows me to rapidly grow my net worth every single year without even needing to get paid. So, for example, just in the last year alone, I've increased my net worth by 20 $30 million at least. And that's not even factoring the money that I make for my businesses or crypto or my portfolios. And it's because I use a very tricky system for managing money that basically every single person that cleanly keeps past a 9 figureure net worth uses. Every single turbo rich person you know is doing this. They do not focus on actually making money. They focus on this. And if you understand what I'm going to show you in this video, you will be able to do the same exact thing too. Even if you are an employee, this is by far the most effective way to obtain wealth and spend wealth that there is bar none. If you do anything other than this, you're a goof troop. So pay attention. So the first thing you need to do is stop trying to make money in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ways. If you do this, eventually you run out of time because you die and then you can't make any more money. The goal is to make a lot of money and then spend it obscenely aggressively while you're still alive. Yachts, tigers, exotic woods, paying dudes pretending to be girls on Only Fans. That's how real men spend their money. And that's our goal, gentlemen. Your family, your children, this is not the channel for you. But jokes aside, we want to make money as fast as possible and then have the ability to spend it comfortably and enjoy our lives and enjoy that wealth. The way people try to make money, it doesn't work like that. Cuz what most people try and do is they try to make money from a job or make money from a business, it really doesn't matter. Then they get sent this money and if they live in America, they pay 40% tax in it, which makes things much harder. And then they also try to live off of that money at the same time. And then even if you're making, let's say, $2 million per year and then that money inflates and then it goes into the stock market, it goes up and it it's just a total disaster the way people try and make money because you don't want to make money off of income because it's very very slow. I don't care if you're LeBron James. I don't care if you're working a job at a marketing agency. I don't care if you're a business owner. It's really bad to try and get rich this way. Now, look, I make a lot of money per year in income, but that's absolutely not my focus. What I'm trying to do here is make 30, $50, $100 million per year in net worth. And I'll explain why here in a minute and how I do this because it applies down to anything. If you're trying to get to a million dollar net worth, you're trying to get to 5 million, 10 million, 100 million, same exact thing. So, look, I want you to actually stop looking at money as generating income. I mean, what you want to do with money is you want to view the best way to get rich is to obtain assets for less than they'll be worth in the future. I know that sounds simple, but there's really only one way that people get obscenely rich. It's by obtaining an asset for much less than it's worth in the future. Let me break down three examples that you see every single day. For example, an athlete, their body is an asset. It's worth nothing when they're born. They obtain 100% ownership of it. They go play in the NBA. They make $40 million per year. How do they go and get so rich here? They obtain the asset. A business, you start it from scratch. You they go and build the business from scratch. You obtain it day one. You get 100% ownership of it. You grow the business being worth $100 million. How did you make all that money? You obtained the asset when it was worth nothing. Now, the other way that people view it and the way I'm talking is they think about investing or whatever or you find inefficiencies in the market. For example, a really good example is after the 2008 crisis, people were really, really, really hating on high-risisk loans. And so while high-risisk loans were of course risky, they were being massively undervalued for the amount of risk that they had. So for example, if the loan was actually really worth $100, $200, people were selling them for $50 just because they were high-risisk loans. Yes, they were a shitty bad asset, but they were being valued way way below the ratio that their shitty badness warranted. Thus, a person that I know made an absolute killing just going and buying all these for $10 and then selling them for $100 at appropriate value like five years later. That's another example. For this example right here though, we want to focus on business and controlling the equity of businesses. And then we want to focus on growing the value of these businesses to high amounts at all cost. Why? So, the thing you need to understand about businesses, once they get to a certain size, you can borrow against them. You can also use the businesses to obtain assets which you can then borrow against. You need to understand that most people that are really really rich, they never actually make any money. What happens is they control a bunch of assets. So let's say someone obtains assets for $100 million and those appreciate over time if it's invested well or if it's a fast growing company, whatever by 5 to 8% per year. And so with this money right here, especially if it's a fast growing company, you really don't want to take money out of the company because then it's going to be taxed. And the point of this video is not taxed, by the I'm not here to tell you like how to get around taxes and whatnot. That's not the point of this video. The way you get around taxes is you move to Dubai and you stop being an American citizen. The end. There you go. There's your there's your tax le. But even so, it's very bad if you're an American citizen moving money in and out of business is because then you do pay the 40% tax or the 20% tax. Regardless, that doesn't really matter. What we want to try and do is we want to blow up this asset so that we can then borrow against it. So, let's say for example, you build a $200 million company. the dividends from this company is generating you let's say5 to10 million a year. This is great right here. Fine, whatever. But the more important thing is you can easily buy or borrow $30 million against the company and then pay the interest when it's not at 5% interest rates. Let's say we're at 2 to 3% interest rates out of the dividends it provides. And so what a lot of people are trying to do when they're building their company is they're just focused on getting this money out of the company, but then the company never grows. when in reality what you want to do is you want to grow the company valuation that then allows you to easily borrow against the company and the assets underneath it. So look what do most entrepreneurs and most people trying to make money do? So let's say you got a million dollar per year business in profit. Okay, it makes $2 million a year making $1 million a year in profit right here. So what most people are going to do is they're going to pay themselves this profit right here or they're going to try and they're they're going to try to keep the money. Maybe they'll keep it in their business and spend it some other wahoo way. I don't know. This is really stupid because what we want to eventually do is we want to be able to borrow against the value of the company. So what we can do is if we're making a $2 million per year business and 1 million in profit, the first thing you want to do is think where can I invest this money in the business that will grow the valuation the largest. So for example, let's say you have a software company and you have 10% churn. At a $2 million valuation or $2 million per year, you probably have like a company that's worth 10 million $15 million give or take. this company would be worth 30 $40 million if you got the churn down the 3%. So instead of going taking that money, you reinvested everything to get it down to 3% and instead of growing your net worth $5 million, you just grew your net worth $30 million. Do you see how that works right there? That's what someone will literally pay for the company. If you have a $2 million per year company at like 2% 3% churn, the valuation of the company is then going to skyrocket on top of you making much more money and whatnot. But then the other way you want to think about this is of course you're going to have profit coming in and sometimes you're not going to be able to have ways to invest it in the company. So let's say you got a million dollars in profit right here. What you can do is just buy a $1 million building or real estate with the company for an office based on how things climb. One, you didn't have to take money out of the company. Two, it's 100% tax deductible because you're spending it on the company. Three, this office is probably going to grow in value at 5 to 8% year if you bought it correctly. And this ultimately then goes down to the company value which you can then borrow against. And the way you want to start structuring your finances that works very very very well is you never actually want to be making any income. What you want to be doing is finding every way to stack up the valuations of your assets. Whether it's by reinvesting the money in the company or obtaining assets to appreciate in value and then holding them underneath the company. Now, there's a lot of times in business where you can buy assets that serve the business that also appreciate over time, which allows you, if you're in the United States, to basically not pay any tax on it while getting an asset that appreciates in value. So, for example, an office, land, and there's a lot of other creative things you can do to basically keep investing back in your business and buying assets for your business, but then those assets also appreciate. Now, of course, when you sell the assets and you have to pay capital gains tax and whatnot, but I'm not here to talk about the c the tax code. What you need to start focusing on is the way I try to structure my income and I don't borrow anywhere near amount of this money. But let's say I got a $50 million stock portfolio or when I take money out or anything, I want to have my assets. Now, if you take the money out and use it to buy a house, you use it to buy something, use it to pay for something, the money is not deployed functionally well. So, for example, you can keep this money in the stock market and make about 5 to 8% per year. Or you can go and take out, let's say, $3 million from the 50 million to buy a home that makes you nothing. Or what you can do when rates are much lower is you can borrow the $3 million while leaving it inside your portfolio. That increases at 5 to 8% or more per year. And then you pay from that 5 to 8% the 2% interest rates or whatever the interest rates will be on that money. The rates are very high right now, so you can't do this as easily as you used to be able to do it in the past, but rates will be low again. And so what I'm trying to encourage you to do in this video is the way you need to view everything, everything you do is you need to look at the total value of your net worth and the appreciation of that network for your stocks via your company. The two best ways to grow your wealth is one, if you make money from your businesses, try to keep it in the businesses and acquire assets that increase in value. So for example, your business makes $3 million. You could buy a $3 million office building that appreciates in value. Then borrow against the value of that building to pay for things with set prices like your home, your car. I wouldn't suggest building your lifestyle or day-to-day expenses off of borrowing. You want to buy things that are also assets that are not going to lose value, which most people's big purchases are going to be their car, home, stuff like that. You see a lot of people, for example, go and use their business and they purchase a private jet and then they rent the private jet out. So they have an asset that they didn't pay tax on while they own the private jet while the private jet flies around and makes them money off the asset. So this is how you have to start really viewing your money. And then if you do pay yourself out, what you never ever ever want to do is spend your money on lifestyle or anything like that until that money is working like this. So let's say you want to have a 50,000 per month lifestyle, right? Requires you 50k a month. This is going to require you about 600k a year. So, what you're going to need probably at this point is a $10 million portfolio generating you $500,000 to $800,000 per year in the stock market via lending, whatever you want to do from that, then you can spend out of this. Your lifestyle money should never ever surpass 5% of the money, the liquid money you actually have on hand. Never, ever, ever. And so, your goal forever and ever should be two things. If you take money out of your business or you keep any money, it's to invest it in assets that generate returns. But more importantly, your goal as a business owner or an employee is to try and build equity in the value of that equity. Now, you're not as able to do this if you're an employee unless you get large stakes in a company, which you can as an employee. I have employees at my companies that are at this point close to being eight figure millionaires because the equity they originally got in Hyros day one. But most importantly, if you're the owner of a business, which most of you guys are, you don't want to be taking money out of the business and doing that. You want to think, all right, cool. We have a business that's worth $5 million, $1 million. How do we get this business to 10 million, $50 million? Then when it's worth $50 million, you can easily borrow $10 million for whatever you're doing. Keep that money. Keep the ownership of the company. You don't want to sell 10% of the company. You keep that money right there. And then you pay off the interest on this, which would be 2 to 5%. Much lower if the rates are low with the income that you make from the company. This is really koi when you go to buying a house or something like that because then you can go, let's say you buy a $10 million house. The house also starts appreciating because you own it now. You didn't have to pay any taxes. You didn't take anything out of the company. You didn't have to sell any of your ownership of the company. And the house is appreciating more than the money that you're using to pay for the house. And so your ultimate goal when you're first starting your business is again grow the value of the asset. I am not saying you grow a $50 million business and you take out a $25 million loan. You got a you should really keep the amount you borrow off your business, which I borrow nothing off my businesses right now. I borrow against like my portfolios and whatnot. But I easily could if I wanted to borrow against my businesses. I just don't do that. But this is a much better way in the future when I grow my business to 400 million, $500 million valuation. If I want to buy a jet or I want to invest the money, these are the paths that I'm going to be using to buy things like that. If I'm making $20 million a year from the business, I'm not going to go and give myself $20 million. I'm going to buy a $20 million office building or asset that then appreciates in value more. I just gave you a whole bunch of different ways to start viewing money. But the thing you need to take from this video that I just broke out is that we're constantly building this giant blob of money and we never want to take money out of that blob. We can borrow against a blob. We can find ways where the blob drips money out through dividends and whatnot to cover interest rates of money that we borrow. while never actually selling anything in the blob because the blob is going to grow at about 5 to 8% a year on average. If you have a business, the thing we want to do is just grow the blob so big we can easily move irrelevant amounts of money out of it by borrowing and then move the money back. So, for example, if you have a $100 million business, you borrow $10 million against it for a house. You then hold the house for a couple years. The house turns into being worth $12 million. You sell the house for a profit. You put that money back into the loan from the company or the amount you borrowed based on the company. You can then pocket the profit rolled into other real estate or and the most basic way is you kept the money actively in your company without selling any ownership of your company while still being able to get the house at the same exact time. This is just such smarter ways to move money around and build income. Because if you're going out there and you're just spending all the money you make, that bubble, that thing you're going to be able to borrow against is going to be finite. It's never going to grow. It's never going to make you more money. It's never going to grow to a higher valuation. You're just going to get stuck. This is what most entrepreneurs do when they pay themselves. This is why so many athletes get in trouble is because the money that they have coming from their asset is finite and they run out of money from that asset. You never want to touch the asset. All in all, I know this wasn't the funniest video because I kind of got into all the nitty-gritty of how money works and how the ways you should look at money. And I think a lot of things I just said there was wrong and they're not as specific as they need to be, but I just wanted to teach you a little little tiny lesson about how rich people view money differently than normal people. So, you should use it. Okay. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: Why being happy will ruin your life. STOP and Do This
VIDEO ID: wj1V-0nogik
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj1V-0nogik
================================================================================

I hate self-help, which is why I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate getting all Tony Robbins with you guys, but I have to make this one video. It's going to fix your entire life. It did mine. Let's get into it. You believe you are unhappy because you're not as successful as you'd like to be. There might be other reasons, but the point of this channel is success, hence why you're watching this video. But the reason you are actually unhappy and suffering, and the reason why you're not as successful as you want to be is because you're trying to be happy. And no, I'm not about to go on some Andrew Tate, get on the sufferer bus or some gogggins, self-help, be unhappy and hate your life the entire time to be successful kind of mantra. That's stupid, not helpful. I promise you by the end of this video, all the unhappiness that you're feeling about your current level of success or where you are in life right now will just be gone and you'll be much more successful. So, you'll be good and making more progress towards whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want to do if you just listen to me for the next 10 minutes. Doing this has allowed me to make hundreds of millions of dollars while not being upset and suffering the entire time like everyone on YouTube loves to brag about. I'm generally pretty good all the time. You can be too. This will also fix everything else you're looking to do. Whether it's getting a six-pack, talk to girls, get your head under control, be successful, whatever you want to do. I'm not I'm going to stop telling you about it. Let me just explain it. See, the entire crux of this problem is society's definition of what happiness is. Because of this definition, not only are people constantly ruining themselves and making themselves extremely unhappy all the time by trying to always be happy, but they are also thinking that they have to suffer and live some terrible bad life and sacrifice everything for their goals. No, you don't have to do any of that. You just have to understand the definition for happiness is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Societyy's really messed it up and it's just made us all brain damaged retards about the way we go about pursuing life. See, what people describe happiness as and what society describes happiness as is actually euphoria. Think about it. When was the last time you were happy? When when was your peak happiness? If you're like most people, it's some crazy euphoric moment in your life or when you were high or really really drunk or playing video games. You were it was 1:00 a.m. A lot of people look back when they were kids playing video games at 1:00 a.m. with all their friends trolling around in World of Warcraft. It's some really really high point, aka euphoria. And see, you're describing happiness incorrectly because what most people try to do with their life is they focus on being happy. But the problem is they're not trying to be happy. They're trying to be chronically euphoric. And this is where the entire problem comes from. Because when you use euphoria as your definition for happiness, which essentially everybody does, you have set the goal to an impossibly high standard that can only be achieved through unimaginable highs inflicted by some crazy, very rare life experience or induced chemically or through manipulation. See, compared to these euphoric moments in your life, life is very boring. If you look at a well-lived life, let's say you live it perfectly and you're not doing heroin 24/7, you're mostly going to be fine most of the time. You're going to be bored a lot of the time. Life compared to those high moments in your life is boring. Life compared to playing a video game is boring. Life compared to drinking is very boring. Life compared to having sex is very boring. It's boring. It's just what it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is. And the problem, the entire issue with everyone in society right now is they think that the point of life is being happy. But instead, what they're actually confusing it with is again euphoria. So they think because they're not euphoric all the time, because they're not deliriously happy, they are then sad. And thus something must be done to fix it. You must get out of this state of unhappiness, which is actually lack of euphoria. And the entire problem unravels from there. And then it creates another layer of bad because what people are describing fine as is sadness or not being happy. So if you're just sitting around bored, you're unhappy. You're not having a good life. But then what people start to do is they start doing things that separate them from having a good life, which is success, health, productivity, mental well-being. They do a bunch of things that separate them from this so that they can become happy. which for the rest of this video I want you to understand when I say happy I mean euphoric which is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] level of delirious happiness that we think we have to be experiencing 24/7 and that we're chronically pursuing. You're at work, you're working. Oh, it's so boring. I'm It's not fun here. I'm sad. This isn't good. I hate my job. I can't wait to go home and play World of Warcraft or video games or eat ice cream or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys do alone in your studio apartments or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I know my viewers. You guys are watching from your mom's basement. I can see the dungeon now. Crusty socks in the corner, walls painted with henti posters. It's my life mission on this channel to get you guys the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of there. You got to stop living under the staircase like Harry Potter and talking to dudes pretending to be girls on Only Fans. I'm here to save you. Trust me. Don't worry. But you think when you're doing a normal day-to-day thing like working, you're having a bad time. You hate this part of your life because you have to go home to play or do whatever thing you're going to do that gives you euphoria. So, thus you're in pain unless you're in this euphoric state. Unless I'm playing Monster Hunter, unless I have a subtle buzz, I'm unhappy. And this is most people. I've even been there. Every weekend you're working, working, working. It's boring. You think, well, I just can't wait till the weekend when I can be happy again and go get drunk with the boys or go party. And then suddenly all the stuff you're doing during the week isn't fun. And how you define your life and why you go and destroy yourself every weekend is to be happy, aka euphoric. Do you see where the problem starts to come from? Because everything that makes your life better and makes your life good becomes painful in comparison to this bar that we've set, which is actually euphoria. If you're starting to grasp this, now this is where it gets a little bit deeper. This is where you can actually start to apply what we're looking at right here and see how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the way everyone lives is. So, if you're in America or whatever, everybody defines happiness again as new. And so, two really nasty things start to pop up. One, day-to-day basic life becomes painful. It becomes suffering. Being bored is now painful and suffering. So, you must get out of this state no matter what. And because in our society because we define our lives and how well we are living them based on happiness which is again misdefined. We feel that we are not living life correctly if we're in this normal state. This is not good. People go to therapy. People go in support groups. They do everything they can to get out of the state because this right here just living a day-to-day life is unbearable. If a person's sitting around bored in their studio apartment this is suddenly very bad. And because in our society, everything we feel is extremely important. Everything that happens right here or right here is extremely important. These these high feelings right here, incredibly important. These low feelings right here, incredibly important. None of them are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important. The default state of life, the default state of how you're going to be and exist for the rest of your life is going to be like this. You're going to have states where you're low. You're going to have states where you're high. And I'm going to give you a cliff note on what the true definition of happiness actually is. It's not suffering or being chronically stressed or having to deal with bad things throughout these states. It's being able to wake up and your body feels good. You're financially good. You're mentally good. Your family and everybody's good. You're good. You're okay. You're fine. You're in a normal state of mind without the world being on fire. That's what happiness is. And that's the happiest you can ever expect out of life. Because I don't care if you're a billionaire. I don't care if you're living in the Playboy mansion banging every chick in there. I don't care whatever whatever hentai World of Warcraft fantasy you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are looking for. I don't care. You're going to experience this. Whether you are crippled or a billionaire, your life is going to be these waves right here. But because people value their emotions so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] much. Every single one of these waves up here and right here is incredibly important. And they're constantly trying to get themselves up here and get away from right here when this is just the normal state of life. And because they try to get up here constantly and they can't they can't accept just being in this normal range right here, they end up going 10 times lower because what they then inflict on themselves is pain and suffering on top of this normal life experience that they find unbearable in the first place. And then you stack failure, you stack being fat, you stack being ugly, you stack being tired and unhealthy all the time, you stack all the other things that come from short-term bad behavior to make yourself happy. And then suddenly you actually live a very bad life. Let's take happiness out of the equation. You never get to even just be normal. You are constantly in a state of pain and suffering trying deeply out of to get out of this hole back up to here. And the only way you can do that is with unimaginable manipulation of your brain and the chemicals inside of it. And here's where everything starts to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Because in our society, again, we define happiness as the most important thing and our emotions as the most important thing. Your emotions are literally an organ in your head [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chemicals on your brain telling you whether something is good or bad. Like you you can know whether something's really good or bad based on all the conclusions you can draw from in your life experiences and logic. But sometimes good things don't seem good. Like going to the gym and working out, it doesn't seem that good all the time. Sometimes doing something like your taxes so you don't end up in jail doesn't feel good, but it is the good thing to do. So frankly, that organ in your head really has no concept of what good or bad is. It looks at little codes and things that are happening around you and uses this lizard brain to inject chemicals in your brain to tell you whether something is good or bad in its opinion, which is completely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and based on something 5,000 years ago. So, we're valing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass opinion on what's good or bad and then using that to justify how we are living our life. And so, what most people do is because they judge happiness as the most important thing and their emotions are the most important thing. All the all these people going to therapy, all these people walking around doing all these bad habits. Why are they doing all these things? because they want to live a little. They want to live life a little. When you tell someone to stop drinking, like, "Hey, dude, you want to be successful? Maybe go and stop getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasted every weekend." Yeah, but you got to live life as well. What they're really saying is, "I'm doing this thing so I can be happy." Like, cuz the point of living is to be happy. So, I got to balance like work with happiness. Ooh, if you replace the word happiness with euphoria, what did we just do? Hey, I have to be euphoric. I I'm trying to do all these things so I can be euphoric time. And this entire chase of euphoria is then what makes us go deeper in the hole and makes the default life which people find unbearable aka being bored or not being euphoric all the time that adds another layer of fun to it which is pain and suffering. And then when people repeat these actions to be happy they end up going down a slide of pain and suffering on top of everything else they're looking to avoid. Let me explain. So if you look around our society people we just got fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whales of people running around everywhere. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Teletubbies running around shoving stuff in their mouth just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out fire. Their buttholes, their stomach, their face, their everything's just on fire all the time. Just terrible life experience. And they do all these things they know are bad for them. But why would people keep doing something that's bad for them? Because happiness [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matters, which is not really happiness. It's euphoria. Let's look at a few things that people do that is really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. They go and eat cake. This is cake, by the way. They go and play video games. This is video games, by the way. They go and drink. They avoid work. They sit around social media all day. They do all these things and we all know these are bad. So why do people do them if they make your life actively worse? Like all these things come with massive consequences and we all know them. Now there's no like playing dumb anymore. You can sit around, you see people smoking cigarettes all the time. Why are they smoking cigarettes even though they know all the terrible things that come with it? You do all these things, your brain declines. You are distracted. You feel like crap. You do less well with opposite sex. You're not motivated. You feel terrible all the time. You get fat. You get deformed. Like your body literally changes in deformity. Yes, being fat is deformed. It's not something that naturally occurs. It's when you shove so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food in your face that your body actively becomes deformed. You didn't see cavemen. You didn't see [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thick ass cavemen running through the woods back in the day with their bonkadonss running around all thick as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It doesn't happen to a normal human body. It only comes through aggressive mistreatment of your body. Like if you punch yourself 15 times in the face and your face is all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up afterwards. Same exact thing. Regardless, I I think you guys know my opinion on fats. Why do people do these things then? It's because happiness is incredibly incredibly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important, which is actually euphoria. So, why do why do why do we go and eat a cake? Why do we go eat cake? Well, the cake, what it actually does is it makes your brain, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing in your head that can't tell its ass from its dick. It makes it go, "Wow, awesome." And it it showers it with tons of chemicals because all the stuff in it is unnaturally sweet. It's something you'd never be able to find in nature. Why do you love playing video games more than work? It's because the video game is literally rigged to touch every button in your little monkey brain to make it go haywire and dump chemicals in your brain. Why is getting drunk with people you don't know that you don't talk to when you're sober and you're never going to talk to in a couple years if you stop drinking and you don't even like to talk to normally. Why Why is it so much fun hanging out with them? Oh yeah, it's because your brain is dumping every single chemical it can possibly get all at once because alcohol's hitting your brain. It's the way with every single bad habit that destroys people and slows them down. And the problem is people think this is what happiness is. They they confuse happiness with chemicals being poured on their brain. I'm playing World of Warcraft right now and I've played it. It's a ton of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fun. I'm happy, which is really my brain and every sensor in my brain firing off and dumping chemicals on my mind telling me that I'm being productive with my life. Now, is that what happiness is? I don't want to dig down that path because at that point, we could just say doing heroin 24/7 is happiness. So, let's back up and make a more less confusing definition. Let's define happiness with having a good life that is not stressful and you achieve the things you want to do regardless of what they are. It doesn't have to be money, anything. You're just not stressed. You're good most of the time. Nothing bad is happening and you can manage your life very functionally and well. Let's define happiness as getting everything you want. Good health, money, losing your virginity. I know that's a lot of you guys in this channel. All those things right there. Let's define it as that. By the definition of that, doing these things right here separates you from happiness. But again, most people's definition of happiness is chemicals being poured on their brain or some height of euphoria that you can't achieve. And the reason why our lives go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because of this is because we define our lives by our happiness. And our happiness is actually euphoria. And this euphoria is at such an unimaginably high level of stimulation to our brains and manipulation that there's no way we can ever recreate it ever. You can't be chronically happy all the time. You can't be chronically euphoric all the time. You can't have your first kiss or see Star Wars for the first time every single damn day. You just can't. and it's okay. And most of the pain and suffering we have comes from the fact that we think it's not okay. And we think that we have to constantly fix it. And the only way you can really get these levels of euphoria consistently is through short-term things that really mess up your life. If you go practice jiu-jitsu, the most euphoric moment you're going to have is when you win a competition or you do something really special, you get like your necks built up. Most of the time it's going to be really boring if you're getting good at and you're achieving what you want to do. Same thing with guitar. Same thing with everything else. And it's the fact that you think that everything has to be that euphoric moment that you stop getting all those things that you actually want to do. And the reason why again people then up end up ruining everything in their life and separating themselves from the things they actually want to do is because they think happiness aka being euphoric all the time is the most important thing. And they can't just sit in their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bedroom and do nothing. They can't go on a walk. They can't be without their phone. They have to eat cake. And when you tell them not to do it, they say, "Well, I want to live a little and it's more important to me that I want to live life." No, you just can't stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] masturbating. in every sense of the word. Even if your hands off your dick, you can't stop putting cake in your mouth, masturbating. You can't stop drinking, masturbating. You can't stop manipulating your body for your own pleasure, regardless of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] consequences. And this is why if you're chronically unhappy all the time or suffering just like everybody else's, this is why. Because you think it is a massive problem to not be happy all the time. Here's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] truth. Most of your life, like I said, you're just going to be fine. You're going to be okay. You're going to have ups and downs. If you look at a person who's crippled, for example, their baseline of happiness or how good they feel all the time goes exactly back to the same point it was when they had legs. It takes a few months, but most of the time they go back to the same exact levels. So, you can become a billionaire. You can do anything you want. You're not going to escape that pattern of happiness. It doesn't matter. There's nowhere for you to go. You have no point of happy. There's no point in your life where you're going to do everything you want to do and then suddenly you could just sit in a room and be okay with yourself and everything's gonna be great. It's not going to happen the end. you're just you're stuck. There's nowhere for you to go. The only place for you to go is to not go somewhere bad, which is pain suffering through a mismanaged life. And the reason why people mismanage their life is because they're trying to always be up here and they think it's a problem when they're just right here in this normal place, which is inevitably where you're always going to be at. So, let's wrap this up. I told you at the beginning of this video that I would tell you how to not be unhappy all the time. Here's how. Just be okay being fine. You're fine. You're not near your phone. You're not out having fun. You're not doing fun stuff. It's fine. Stop fighting it. Just It's okay. It's all right. You're good now. Congratulations. You don't have to fix [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anything. Next. I told you this would make you more successful. Guess what you can do if you just accept being fine and you don't have to be euphoric all the time. If you don't have to be having the best weekend of your life every weekend, if life doesn't have to be as good. You stop saying, "hm, the peak of my life was playing World of Warcraft or some huge dopamine addicting thing. Going to Vegas or whatever." For example, I used to think, "Oh man, I'm going to work a few months and then I'm going to really go be happy in Vegas and party or I'm going to work for eight hours and then I'm going to do what actually makes me happy and play some World of Warcraft." I'm sure we've all been there in some shape or form. And we think we're going to suffer and then do what really makes us happy when really the bar of happiness is just this euphoria and what we're doing already is fine. And if we stop fighting it, we could just do more of it. And if you do more of those things without a chronically punishing yourself and making yourself suffer for just being fine, which is what everybody does, and then b resorting to short-term things that separate you and drag you away from that and make your life worse. They take you out of that normal state you're at and then drag you down to hell with it. Tell you what, I'm going to tell you one way you're going to be actually unhappy by the euphoric definition of the word. If you're a fat, unsuccessful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who has the mental stability and skill set of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby koala, that's that's going to make you unhappy. I don't care what definition the word is. You might as well just go punch yourself in the dick. That's what it's going to feel like your entire life. And the only way to get there is if you're constantly trying to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happy. Guess what? If you're not trying to be happy all the time and euphoric, you won't do all this short-term [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz it doesn't matter cuz you know, like it's just you poking a button and masturbating. It's the same exact thing as grabbing your dick and going and watching the closest thing that resembles a woman. I know you Gen Z guys are getting pretty creative what you jack off to on the internet these days, but it's all the same exact thing. It's just manipulating your brain to make yourself happy. If you stop punishing yourself for those things, guess what? You're going to be good all the time. So, you don't even have to become even more successful if you don't want, it's not going to change anything. But say you want to decide to make your life more about goals and achieving the things you say you're going to do and like getting the things that you want. It's going to make it 10 times easier to go get those things you want because you can just sit there and be like, "Hey, I'm kind of bored." And that's fine. Like, it's okay. Like, you're okay as long as someone's not trying to stab you or put you in jail or your house isn't on like everything's fine. Like, it's fine. There's no scorecard being kept. like you don't do certain things or whatever. Someone's going to punch you in the dick when you die. You're just going to forget literally everything when you die and it's all fine. Like just just chill. It's not that important. Then you can just sit there and do the thing. And then when like you're like, "Oh, but I'm not happy." You can do something that nobody else does where just say, "That's fine." Instead of like every other fat stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in our society who gets on Instagram like, "Oh, I got to look at butts and boobs and then shove a cake in my mouth and then go wake up the next day and wonder why you work a dead-end job. You don't make much money. You look like a foot so you never get laid. And you got this this sack of fat that's gradually growing over your belt like every other dude past the age of 35. So that's the video. Stop trying to be happy. Just be okay being fine. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine.

================================================================================
TITLE: You'll HATE It, But It Will Make You Rich In A Year [Full Blueprint]
VIDEO ID: VVPECdnzXSA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVPECdnzXSA
================================================================================

No, you skeptical, negative, silly, silly sack of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] To tell this video is not clickbait. In this video, I'm going to show you what I believe is a guaranteed guaranteed way to get rich reasonably within a year. And by rich, I mean being able to generate 100K, maybe even a few hundredk per year. We're not talking about making millions and millions of dollars, just enough to say, "Fuck you. I do what I want to whoever and anything you want. Your dog, your boss, your old neighbor, maybe a baby you walk by on the street cuz you're an asshole." You'll have the money coming in. you'll have the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you ability and you should listen to me because I built more sevenf figureure businesses than I can count even from when I was broke getting out of the military. And guess what? I'm not going to sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, let's get into it. So, look, if you want to make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you money, which is enough money to do what you want, 100k, 200k, 300k a year, those are the numbers I'm going to focus on in this video cuz I've made a video on how to get to a million dollars per year and I've made a video on how to get to $10 million per year. This one's for all you low achievers who only want to make enough money to pay your rent and sit in your house and get high. Don't worry, I got you, too. But the thing is, if you want to make enough money to live comfortably and fund yourself, which is that range, you really don't have to do anything special. This is the big general confusion. You can literally do what everybody else is doing and just do it, okay? And get your small slice of the pie because this amount of money isn't anything particularly huge. My business usually generates this money in a single day. So, you can really be a low achiever here and you can do absolutely nothing original. What you need to understand is that your main goal here is to just get good enough at what you're trying to do to get your small piece of the pie. What I compare this to is look, people that are making $10 million per year in the NFL, they're the best players in the world. But if you want to make just enough income to fund yourself or get started and continue your journey in business, you we really only have to get to AFL dumpster fire levels of skill at the sport we're trying to play, which in this case would be football. And so we really need to prioritize is getting good enough. So how do we do that? Well, it comes down to what I'm going to tell you is the trifecta of getting good enough. This is three things you need to do in your life. And if you do these three things, you will get good enough at whatever the business model is and you will make this money. And I will fully tell you how to do this in this video. Again, I'm not going to sell you some mastermind or mindset course. I've built a business valued around $150 to $200 million high-risisk. And I've built more sevenfigure and eight figure businesses than I can count. In my 15 years of business, I've done this from when I was broke to where I am now. And the most inefficient way I can make more money is by selling you a course or some coaching like most YouTube channels. That's not going to make me real rich. So just sit back, enjoy the content. You're going to get it all in this video and then anything else you need to learn for this video, it's on this channel as well. But this is the most important first step because these three things right here, if you get them done, I cannot fathom you not making money. you can be an absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you will still make money because it's all just about getting good enough. And the reason why people fail to get good enough is they do not go and do these three things and then the rest of their life blocks them from getting good enough until they're old and then they never get good enough to actually make money on their own. And the reason it doesn't seem this obvious and the reason it seems like it can't be this simple is because people think money is some spiritual journey or some god-given talent that some people have and some people don't. No, it's simply having enough skill in a certain area to perform. It's the same as learning guitar. It's the same as learning jiu-jitsu. Those video games you've gotten good at because you spent eight hours a day playing them. Those thousands of hours you logged in World of Warcraft and all the expertise you have there, same exact [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing, except this time it won't come with crippling virginity, and your father will be proud of you. So, this is an added plus for most of you cuz let's look in the mirror. Most of you guys are not tall or good-looking enough to get women normally. Getting rich is about the last shot you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got here. So listen, or you're going to be dating fats for the rest of your life, okay? And you should really get this content in cuz some fat, grumpy HR lady who works at YouTube is eventually going to watch one of these videos and be deeply offended and just shadowban me off of all YouTube instantly. Look, I'm all for equity inclusion. Just no fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Okay. All right. All right. So, what is what do we need to do to get good enough? So, before I get into these initial things right here, you're probably a little bit confused and you think I'm full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you think it comes down to some business model or some some secret idea or niche that you find on the internet. And that's what everyone on YouTube is going to tell you primarily because they want to set you up to buy a course for them on that secret niche or skill. I'm going to tell you differently because I don't want your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. I don't want to be responsible for you. You can pick any business method. Go browse YouTube. There's going to be a thousand different business methods out there. There's going to be agency. Start an agency. Do consulting. do coaching, uh, do an e-commerce drop shipping store, make an actual e-commerce product, build software, sell info products, teaching people how to do a certain thing, make AI agents for businesses. They all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. Like, trust me, if there's a bunch of videos on them out there on YouTube, you can pretty much make any of these business models work if you're good enough. And you don't even have to be good or excellent at them. Look, we're not trying to make a million dollars per year. If you're trying to make a million dollar per year, $5 million, $10 million per year, which there are videos below this video on how I do that and how I structure businesses to do that. You're going to have to be really good. But all we need to do here is be competent enough to get a small piece of the body. We don't need to beat anybody. We don't have to have a unique business. We don't have to go out there and take other people's customers. You can actually be pretty incompetent and still do this. So, I want you to forget the business model. I want you to forget specifics here because they're not important. So, what we primarily want to focus on is giving ourselves the space to get good enough at whatever business model we're trying to do to make money. So, let's imagine you're playing a sport and you're trying to make money playing that sport. First thing you want to do is pick a sport that has a track record of making money. So, for example, football, soccer, hockey, golf, I don't know. If you see lots of other people making money doing it, you can probably make money doing it as well. Now, we're not trying to become the Tiger Woods. are trying to become the bush league golfer who still managed to have a chronic drinking habit over the the golf season and just drives around the course drunk as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hidden on, you know, the the waiter girls that are out there. That's you. You're not really special, but you put in the time enough to become competent enough at golf that you can drive around shitfaced and still perform. Okay, let's drop the drinking part right there. You can still perform at a competent level and make money doing it. And so, what we're chasing by giving ourselves this space is not a specific business model. We're giving oursel the ability to gain enough experience to get good and master our craft enough that we can make money with it. I want you to really take a second and step back because what most people try and do is they think they need to find a business model or niche and then learn about that and learn some secret techniques and then do it. No, what we're trying to do is reach a level of good. So, for example, if you wanted to make money playing basketball, what you would do is you would go and spend a ton of time practicing basketball. Now, you wouldn't get good enough to make money in basketball if you never had time or the ability to practice basketball at its full extent. So, for example, if you only had 30 minutes and you didn't even have a basketball to play with and you had no one else to play with and so you get done with work and then you go and simulate dribbling with without a basketball at home for 30 minutes and then you don't do it consistently, you're never going to get good enough to play at basketball. However, let's say you kept your online job and you moved to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Thailand next to a basketball court and you could reduce your work hours to 3 4 hours a day and then spend the other four 6 hours of your day practicing basketball with other people that play basketball all day over the span of a year. You would probably get good enough at basketball to have some form of competency. Now, would that be good enough to get into the wash out basketball leagues that actually pay money? No. Because those people are real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers and they've been playing basketball their entire life. intently and they still can't make it. But the competition for those leagues is so high and the spots so few it's actually kind of hard to get into those. But in entrepreneurship there is just millions and millions and millions of spots paying the amount of money that you're looking for. So yes, you would be good enough to get into this level of skill with entrepreneurship if you apply that same mindset that we talked about just with basketball to entrepreneurship. So really what we want to do is we want to set it up in our life so that we can go and set up that scenario I just talked about it in basketball but with entrepreneurship. Now let's look at this and think how do we practice entrepreneurship at its maximum to its fullest extent and give ourselves the room to actually do that and that comes down to that trifecta I talked about before. Also, if you're enjoying this video, subscribe. Here's why. In the future, I'm going to scrape on my subscribers. I'm going to deliver all my past courses and maybe some new courses for free to you that break down everything I've done. Business, my ads. This is stuff that people actually paid a lot of money for in the past. I'm going to give it to you for free, but only if you subscribe. And it's very easy for me to see who subscribed and liking these videos and engaging. That's who I'm going to give this to. If you don't want to do that, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. You get nothing. So just just click a button for hours and hours of free training. That sound fair? Okay, do it. What you're going to need to get good is truly just three things. You're going to need time. You're going to need focus. And you're going to need the ability to do it without fear. And in entrepreneurship, that is risk. All right? So, you need to be able to take risk. Now, let's look at these three things right here and think about how we can build a life that allows us to do these three things in their maximum amount. Now, I actually applied this to one of my businesses when I was at the multiple million dollar per year level. So, this works at every level, by the way. I wanted to get to the next level, but I had a mansion and a Lamborghini at the time, which I no longer had. This is all AI, by the way. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. I want to keep those rumors circulating. But at the time, I had a really expensive lifestyle. And before I built my multi-nigure company, I wanted to get to the point where I could build on those companies. And I needed to be able to take more risk and focus more. So, I actually sold all my furniture, all my possessions, and just moved into an empty apartment with a bed and worked for a couple years. And that's kind of how I built my company. Gave me all the focus and the ability to take risk because I had no longer any overhead lifestyle to pay for. So you want to think about the same way if you're starting a business or you want to just make extra money as well is you need these three things to do it. So why do people fail at getting good at making money? Well, they don't have the time. They don't have the ability to put in the time. They're spending all their time at work. They can't focus because when they get done with work, there's a thousand other things stealing their focused attention. And then they can't take any risk whatsoever. And to make money, you're going to have to spend money and invest in your skills or your business. You're going to have to take small risk with money. You're not going to have to go and bet your entire life savings to start a business. But you're going to need to consistently be able to throw down money here and there to try out new things and experiment. It's just how it is. And so when you have people that have no focus, time, or the ability to take risk, of course they're not going to get good at making money because this is what you need to practice. And you need to practice to get good. So how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do we do this? What you want to do if you want to make a lot of money is adopt minimalization of your life. This is especially effective in your 20s when you have room to do this. As you add more things to your life, kids, a wife, people that count on you, this gets harder and harder to do, which is why I tell people to just kick their 20s down the road and get good at making money in your 20s so you can just do whatever the hell you want for the rest of your life. It's very hard to start doing this when you're 35, 40 plus. But you still can. You just have to focus on these cores right here because again, our goal is to get good. And if we practice enough, we will get good. And so what we need to do is be able to practice with maximum intent. And these are the things that go into it. So, first we need time to practice. And the way we achieve all these things is through minimization. Because the reason why most people can't do any of these things is their lifestyle and their job and then their environment that they live in. So, for example, they're going to spend 10 hours a day at their job, whether it's at the job and commuting back and forth. Their focus is going to be dragged away by all sorts of stuff going on in their life. And their ability to take risk is going to be hamstrung because their lifestyle requires tons of time. So, if you're young, let's look at how we can get all of these all at once. So, how do we free up our time and also give ourselves the ability to take risk? We have to keep our lifestyle incredibly, incredibly cheap. Sell all your stuff. You should be living in a room with just a bed and a computer. Do you not like that? Of course, nobody likes that. You have to live like an extreme poor person. That's fine because that's going to allow you to work less hours and free up as many hours as you possibly can and then take risk because you need as little money as possible for your lifestyle. So, let's look how this would look if we're a young 20some year old dude or anybody. So, what we wouldn't want to do, you just move to freaking Wyoming or move to a college town and split rent with three other guys. I'm sure things are not as cheap as when I was in my 20s, but comparatively, you could move into a place with three other guys and you could be paying $500, $1,000 per month rent. You can move to Wyoming and literally just be paying nothing in rent. And then what you want to do is go and live next to a grocery store, preferably a gym as well, so you can work out, so you can just walk everywhere. You don't need a car. So, you have no use for any amount of money because your life is so damn cheap. What is this going to allow you to do? It's going to give you tons of time, extra time when you're not working for somebody else to work on your business or your ability to generate cash or improve your skills so you can get paid more at work. You can make a lot of money as an employee. I have multiple millionaire and even 8 figure millionaire people that have worked for me at my companies due the equity and what they were able to earn at the company. So, don't get me wrong, like you can make a lot of money as an employee, but what this will allow you to do is give you the time to then start working on your skill set and getting good in practicing. It also allows you to take risk when you think about, hey, do I need to start this agency? Do I need to buy this website? Do I need to start building or adding inventory for my drop shipping store? This is going to allow you to go and throw money at it. And guess what? When you first start your businesses or try to make money, you're not going to make money right away. It's like when you start shooting the basketball and basketball, you're not going to be shooting three-pointers right off the bat. That's fine because now you can take risk because your rent is so extremely cheap. If I had my way, I would actually just move to Thailand and I moved next to a Muay Thai studio with a grocery store nearby and then you can get all your manly yucks in all you want. You can go work out the Muay Thai studio. You can walk to the grocery store and your rent is like $50 and all the women there are completely fine if you're a broke loser. Heck, if you even want more excitement in your life, some of the girls are even guys. So, you never really know what type of bag of tricks you're reaching into which adds a whole another layer of complexity. Not only can you come home to your family in America saying, "Hey, look, I'm rich, but maybe I banged a dude, maybe I didn't." That's the type of spice you want in your life. Trust me, that's why you watch this channel. Alex Becker's business channel, how to get rich and maybe bang a dude. Soon to be banned off YouTube. But jokes aside, you can move to another country where it's extremely cheap and do this even more effectively. The lower you get your lifestyle, the less you have to work for that lifestyle, the more you can practice your business, the more risk you can take. Now, with that in mind, what you then want to do is achieve focus. So, how you achieve focus? So, if you're 20 years old and your friends are hitting you up and everybody has access to your phone and your parents are hitting you up 24/7 and you also have a video game addiction and you drink consistently and you have your phone and Tik Tok and you have an active Instagram, whatever, and you're in the Mario Kart Reddit forums complaining about the $20 price increase all the time and you're on Twitter 24/7. You're a distracted [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, if you're trying to get really good at basketball, I want you to think about this. Say we have like two pies right here. We have all your focus. And if we just remove all these other things, like let's let's imagine this pie is split 500 different ways, okay, between all the things I just mentioned. What would happen if we just got rid of all those things and we just made it basketball? Even your short little hobbit ass would get good at basketball, at least copy enough to be dunking on those those amateurs on the amateur court next to your house. So, what you want to do is not only do you want to move away to some place that's really cheap, you want to move away from someplace where you have no access to your family or your friends. And then what you want to do is you want to block all these nasty little addictions you have. For example, on my phone, I load it up and there's a picture of something I want to buy as a goal to motivate me. And then I have no access to Instagram. I have no access to YouTube. I have no access to Slack. I cannot get on Twitter. I literally locked all the URLs of every social media behind a passcode on my phone. And then I hid the phone passcode somewhere in my house. So, of course, I can use an emergency, but I cannot scroll or do any of this on my phone. On my computer, I have all social media blocked by this app that I cannot delete on my computer. So, I cannot access social media. I don't have trouble playing video games anymore, but I used to. The way to get around that is you have a computer that can't run video games. You have trouble watching TV, don't have a TV in your house. Do you see where I'm going with this? What you want to do is you want to forcefully separate everything that's distracting you from basketball out of your life. just get it out of there. You can have it in the future, though. I don't think you're going to be happier playing video games and using social media 24/7 and having a drinking habit. I think getting really good at what you want to do, having a lot of money, and having complete control of your mind is going to make you happier. But don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listen to me. Look, if you want to go back to binge drinking, playing World of Warcraft on the weekends, and talking to dudes, pretending to be girls on Only Fans, by all means, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Remember, this video is not for the exceptionals of you. You only want to make a couple hundredk a year. Trust me, you can still be a raging piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was a raging degenerate while I was making a couple million dollars per year. Binge drinking and throwing trash cans off roof kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back in the day and I still did it. So you have you probably can too. But the point is right here that we want to get to a point where we have money handled. And the way you do that is by again coming back to this trifecta that I talked about before. We need to give oursel time to get good. We need to be able to take risks consistently to get good because that's how you practice business. And we need absolute focus so we can get rid of all the nonsense in our life at the same time. You do these three things right here and then you pick any business model. And I mean any business model off the top of my head. E-commerce, drop shipping, consulting for businesses, building an agency where you do marketing services for agencies, selling info products, teaching something. Hell, go make some make money online products. And don't even make any money. Just start making make money online products. It works for a lot of people on YouTube. Why not do it, too? I don't care if you're a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] In fact, I encourage you to go maybe bang Thailand lady boys a few minutes ago. So obviously my opinion of your moral compass really isn't the point of this video. But jokes aside, any business model you see on YouTube right now, selling AI to businesses, whatever, go just do it. And through those things that removal I talked about, that energy you're going to get towards practice, even if you pick the wrong business model at first, it's like in World of Warcraft. You pick the wrong class, but you're playing for 15 hours a day, you're going to reach a level of compensated you'll just pick another class and dedicate that time and energy you you put into it into that class and learning or whatever. It doesn't really matter what class you pick at the beginning of the entrepreneur game. You just get going. It's all basketball. It's all learning to think about business and take risk. And so what you do, like I said before, any business model works. It's about how you practice the sport you're deciding to play. And that's through giving yourself time to practice, the ability to practice it to its full extent by taking risk, and the ability to focus on it by removing everything from your life right there. You will get good very, very quickly. I guarantee it. There is no way you don't get good at business in a year if you're operating this way. Are you going to be as good as me? No. I've been doing this for 15 years. Are you going to be as good as some of those kids who come in and have been building websites since they were 15 years old and made their first million when they were 16 and are billionaires by 22? No, you're not. But to make a couple hundred,000 per year and even get up to the seven figures mark. You don't particularly have to be special talented or doing anything unique. You can be doing what everybody else is doing. You just have to be good enough to play on the court. You don't have to be a star player in college. You don't have to be an NFL player. You just have to be that guy who can come and dominate the local pickup basketball game, which you can do. And this is the big confusion people have because your parents didn't know how to make money. Probably no one around you knows how to make money. And so it's just this big mysterious thing that people think because it's so deeply tied to their ego. There must be some big crazy hard spiritual journey that has you have to go through to learn how to make money when it's really it's just like playing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] basketball. Once you want to get to the seven figure levels, the higher levels and that, you're going to have to learn how to play a lot better and you're going to have to really start thinking about what you're doing. But not right now. If you want to see how to get to seven figures, heck, even $10 million per year. I have videos on that below. And again, I don't sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you want to see the techniques I use in my businesses, the ads, the copywriting, the sales methods, it's all on this channel. Again, I'm not selling you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you do like these videos though, like I said earlier in the video, be sure to subscribe. I'm able to scrape all my subscribers. I'm going be releasing a free course in the future. for all my past courses and everything I've ever released to all my subscribers. If you don't want to subscribe and if you don't want to subscribe, I don't like you and I'm not giving you anything. So, do that. Like this video. I'll see you next video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: It's BORING, But It'll Make You A Millionaire FAST In 2025 [FULL BLUEPRINT]
VIDEO ID: _u8rxHlcFWg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_u8rxHlcFWg
================================================================================

What's up you filthy slute? Good to see you here. So, the clickbait title of this video is not clickbait. I'm going to show you the speedrun becoming a millionaire in this video. I think if you apply what I'm going to show you right here, you can actually do it in a year. And unlike other YouTubers, I'm not going to give you some super secret business method that actually ties in me selling you a course. I'm just going to tell you to do it and you should listen to me cuz I'm way way richer than all of them. And this actually works. And I'm not going to sell you Here's what to do. So, here's what works every time. If you master what I'm going to show you right here, you will have no trouble printing money for the rest of your life. And it comes from what I like to call the unholy trinity of money printing skills. And if you get these down right here in this pattern, you will just print money no matter what. That's why I call it that. I also call that because the unholy trinity in Quake games was really cool. You get the rocket launcher, the lightning gun, and the rail gun. I had to work that name into my content. But as you're going to see as this video progresses, I'm kind of which is why this will work for most people because this works for dumb people, too. And this is actually four skills that when combined together I believe are the best combination of skills to make money in the entire world, the entire universe. This works always. This is digital copywriting. So being able to write sales copy for the internet onetoone sales aka the ability to sell on the phone or sell to someone face to face. Third, ads. And then finally, market to product fit, which is the ability to look at markets and see big holes where you can sell an expensive product that is very profitable in very specific type of product. And if you can do these four things right here, I don't care who you are. I don't care what you're doing, you will be able to always, always, always make money because these are the cores of making money in online business. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to put all these together and acquire them as fast as possible. And I truly believe without hype that if you do this, you could become a millionaire in a year. And drop your skepticism here, Sally, because I have nothing to sell you. This is just truly what I think is the most powerful thing you should use. And you can listen to me for two reasons. I've built a near multi-9 figure net worth mostly for my software company, Hyros, but also these several seven and eight figure businesses that I've also built leading up to that and still own. Also, when I was younger, I got started in business about 21. I became a millionaire at about 23 and a half. So, I can definitely tell you you can do it in that time frame because I was literally a drunk woman chasing at the time. So, if I can do it, you can too. And then also in this video, I have nothing to sell you. I have no mastermind or course or anything like that to sell you cuz I'm already unbelievably rich. I don't think the way for me to get more unbelievably rich is selling you courses. It's I don't it's just not an effective way to make money in my eyes. So, I'm not going to do that. I'm just going to tell you. And if you like it, you should subscribe to this channel and like the video. So, here's how this works and five important things you need to do to make this work. So, look, we're going to get into each of these and I'm going to show you how to obtain these and then apply them to make a lot of money very quickly in this video. We'll get to that. Trust me, you need to have this initial understanding though about making money or this isn't going to work. This is probably the most important part of the video. So, if you can't pay attention to this, you have to go watch Tik Tok or something. You're probably going to be working at Arby's for the rest of your life, which is fine because those Arb melts are fantastic. I don't care about the diarrhea they give you after. That's future you problem. Those Arb melts initially though The five for five. All you old remember that. That was the deal of the century. Wow. Okay, I'm going to stop rambling. Let's talk. The first thing you need to understand, and that a lot of people get confused, primarily because people on YouTube tell you it all comes down to the business model, which happens to be this super secret business model that they coincidentally have a course on. Who would have thought? Why would they be doing that? Who knows? And I love to poke at at people like that. Look, there's nothing wrong with selling courses. You sell courses, I love you. I've sold courses. I just like to poke a little fun sometimes. But the thing is it doesn't come down to the particular business model. When a lot of people get in the business or they start trying to make money, they think it's about finding the right niche or idea or model. No, it's not about that at all. You need to understand money works like this. And by this I mean almost every other skill set out there. See, there's this weird thing that happens to people when they look at money is they think it's like some religious or soulsearching or some spiritual thing that like you either have or you don't have like a god-given talent. And everything that applies to learning other skills doesn't apply to money. But that's not true. What you need to do if you want to make money is you need to identify a path of skills that are going to allow you to make money. Just like for example, a path of skills are going to allow you to play really good offense in basketball. And then if you excel in those skills separately and then learn how to put them together, you're going to get really good at scoring or making money. But the see the thing where people get confused at is they look at the final output which is making money and then they forget about all the inputs and then they just get confused because like they don't focus on the inputs and then they think why am I not getting the final output. It's because you are not inputting the correct things or working on getting better at those inputs. If you get better at those inputs the output will naturally just happen. Like you don't just get the output. It'd be like if I picked up a guitar and said, "I want to play a Metallica song." Or hell, like a Nirvana song, for example. You don't just pick up a guitar and just play Nirvana. And this mic can't pick up my guitar right now cuz I'm an audio But if you're going to play a Nirvana song like Teen Spirit or something like that, you don't just play Teen Spirit. You work on your bar chords. Then you work on your muting. Then you work on your rhythm. Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da. And you just keep doing those three key skills. And if you get good at those three things and then you combine them together, then you will play the song. You don't play the song by playing the song. You play the song by learning those three individual skills, bar chords, rhythm, and quick muting, which is that clicking noise you hear between the notes in that song. And then you will be able to play a Nirvana song. The same thing applies to money. The way you need to look at this that almost nobody does because not very many people are good at making money, let's be honest, is you need to look at it as individual skills just like that song. And so what you should look at it like is if you're an RPG character, okay? And each of these are your talents. Okay? So let's play say we're playing Elden Ring or whatever. All right? And you got your core stats in Elden Ring. So what you need to focus on doing is you want to get good at making money is you have to identify the core stats that apply to how you're going to make money. So, let's say you're a tank or a defensive focused player in an RPG, let's say World of Warcraft. What are you going to need to get good at? You're going to need to get good at block. You're going to need high HP. You're going to need low critical strike rate so you don't get one-shotted by bosses. And you're going to need a high dodge. Okay, these are your these are your key stats. If you have those things, you will be a good tank in a video game. And so, the way you become a good tank, at least based on stats, is you need to go and obtain these things. Once you have these, everything else will fall in place. If you don't have these, you're not going to be able to get good at it. If you go to try and tank a giant boss in a video game and you don't have, for example, World of Warcraft, these stats backing you up. It doesn't matter how good you are or what you do, it's just not going to work. But if you obtain these things, everything else falls into place. And so, what we need to focus on if we want to make money is leveling up these individual skills right here because this makes the perfect class of entrepreneur for online businesses. This is the core of making money online. And when you have these, just like a tank in World of Warcraft, just like a person trying to learn how to play music on a guitar or specific songs, once you have these core skills in place, you can play music, you can make money, you can tank, you can make money. So now that we have this, the reason why I wanted to stress these things to you is because people don't know how to pursue making money on the internet. They don't know how to pursue business because they start chasing business models or whatever. And chasing a business model is like trying to go and play a song on guitar without mastering the skill sets. Trying to go and chase a business model is like going into a dungeon in World of Warcraft and trying to tank a monster without having the stats backing it up. It's kind of pointless. Whereas, if you actually sit down and make your goal and what you're going to pursue with your actions, pursuing those particular skills or pursuing those particular stats for your character, you will then get the result you were looking for. Because the key to making money is not focusing on making money. It's focusing on an organized set of skills and mastering those skills that combine together that produce money. Here is how you should use these skills right here. And here's why they are the best. Cuz these four skills right here, if you have these, you have no problem making money ever. There's a lot of other things you can learn. For example, I work in software, so I know a lot about working with developers and everything. And if you want to get to, let's say, 10 million or more a year, you're going to need a lot of other skills and a lot of other nuances and whatnot. But to get to a million dollars a year, which is about I think like 80 something thousand a month, $83,000 I believe is the number, you really only need these. You can be really just at everything else. But you'll still be very good at these. For example, you see a lot of entrepreneurs who just like they their entire business is a mess, but they still make tons of money. It's because they have these things. It's because they master sales and marketing, which is why you see so many dog entrepreneurs out there with dog products, dog companies, dog everything. but they still make a lot of money because they're good at sales and marketing. And that only gets you so far. That only gets you so far. This is why you see a lot of people get stopped out and they don't grow past these levels. So, what are these skills and how do you learn them? Now, I don't want to give you the exact specific of these skills in this video because each of these would take its own video, which I probably will make in the future. It's not like I have some secret course I want to sell you right now. It's just these are big broad skills. What I want to do is I want to point to you or I want to point you at examples for them and then give you a way to start learning them because the most important thing here is that you organize your learning in your growth process. Once you have that, it's really not too hard to figure out how to learn these things. It's just once you have the targets, okay? So, I want to give you the particular targets and how to organize your growth as a person to then money. So, what is copy? In fact, back up. What I'm going to do on this channel if you're a subscriber is I'm just going to release all my old courses for free. This goes into all my copywriting techniques, all my ad techniques, everything. And I'll just give it to all my subscribers here pretty soon. You just have to be subscribed. I'm going to scrape everybody that's subscribed on this channel and then you will get access to it some way through YouTube or something. I'll figure it out. But if you're not a subscriber, you. I don't like you. Go suck a dick. I'm not going to give you anything. Click the subscribe button. It takes 2 seconds. It helps the channel. You help me, I'll help you. I'll give you all my old courses and stuff that I used to sell like 5 years ago that still work today 100% for free. How about that? So, copywriting. What is copywriting? So, I'm going to use my website right here, Hyros, as an example, because I wrote all the copy on this page. What I mean by this is the ability to convey and get people to do stuff through word and video online. I actually prefer video. Video is the most effective way to get people to do what you want initially online. Now, for software and SAS, I like using a lot of written word because B2B and stuff like this, it's a very long sales transaction. But if you want to go to my website and just check out like any of my sales videos like this one for example, I've been shooting these damn things for like 15 years now. I've used to write really long form webinars or like two-hour webinar presentations where we cover something and then sell something expensive at the end of it. Being able to go and make a video and then convince people to do what I want them to do or convince them that I have something that they want to buy, that has been one of the most powerful abilities and skills that I've ever had. If you look at, for example, really talented people online who sell very well, uh, for example, Alex Heroszi, I know people have mixed feelings on them, but I'm gazi very effective sales copywriter with his videos. Not so much as YouTube condom as action sales videos. If you look at Dean Graziosi, if you look at old school Frank Kern videos, I'm not referencing these people in particular their businesses that they've built. I'm not referencing building an info market business. I'm just talking about pure ability to sell via videos. And if you look at and you want to see the most powerful copywriting on planet earth, most powerful sales techniques, you want to look at those make money online entrepreneurs because here's why. They are competing in the most competitive space ever. There is absolutely no moat when it comes to making make money online or info courses. And so the only way they succeed or live or die is by their ability to sell and sell much better than everybody else. It's the most competitive copywriting space ever. Like for SAS and software, you have a product you can really rely on to sell. Their entire thing is like, "Hey, I have a secret and I'm going to convince you the secret's really valuable in this video and I'm going to get you to pay me a lot of money for me to tell you the secret." They're essentially selling thin air. Now, regardless of your thoughts on that, that is the hardest thing to possibly do in sales. You literally are approaching a stranger and saying, "Hey, I got a secret. You want to check it out? It's really good. It making them think it's going to change their life." And all sorts of stuff like that. Late night infomercials. You ever seen those? That's the most powerful form of sales there are. I'm not saying you need to do that. I'm saying you need to understand the processes and copywriting behind that. Some really good old schools resources are the old school marketers like Frank Kern or for example, if you will go on this channel, I put a lot of my sales video blueprints and how I sell on this channel 100% for free. They're linked below this video. And there's tons of other content I have online just Alex Becker copywriting throw it in that you can use on top of all my courses I'll give to my subscribers here pretty shortly. It masters everything I'm still using to this day when it comes to sales copywriting. And again, you will not have to pay me for these courses. I'm not selling you I'm just going to give them to you for free. I'll link to them in my subscriber feed or something like that. Now that you know this, you know what to look for. You need to get really good at video copywriting and a little bit at written copywriting and building funnels, which is going to be like how you proceed or build pages on the internet. If just write these down, focus on these things. Get really good at them. Like study them like it's your religion. Step number one right there. Now, the next thing you want to get extremely good at is onetoone selling, which really ties in the copywriting. You need to be able to get on the phone and you need to be able to sell to somebody. Now, on this channel, I've also given you all my sales scripts. My sales scripts at Hyros, for example, have built a company that is valued anywhere from 150 to $200 million right now and growing at about 30 to 50% per year, given the month or whatever is going on. It's made me a lot of money, but it's also built multiple eightigure companies for me and been just the crux of anything I want to do whenever I wanted to sell a product. And when I wanted to sell higher, I wanted to grow the business up. I said, "All right, we're going to build a funnel to a sales call. We're going to get people on the sales call and sell them this." So, I know people don't necessarily want to do this and get on the phone and sell, but the reason why you want to do this is it's the most effective sales method there is. Sending people to a web page and then converting them without ever talking to them is hard because you can't make the sales message onetoone tailored to them. When you're doing onetoone sales on the phone, the reason it's soing powerful is because you're able to talk to a specific person, learn about exactly what they need, and then sell them your product in a way that matches everything that they need. So for example, at Hyros, I can learn about someone's business, what's important to them, and then when I start selling them Hyros, I can use and position Hyros based around their specific needs and focus on those parts of the product. For example, if they need an e-commerce attribution product that is going to attribute the LTV of their carts on their e-commerce store, I can focus on that part of Hyros and close them on that versus them going to a sales page and me trying to make one sizefits-all. So the reason why this is so effective for making money is because you're able to make the maximum amount of money from the lowest amount of people and you're usually not very good at traffic generation when you start off. So this maximizes the traffic that comes in. This is why you see all these people on YouTube selling courses and masterminds where they all usually default to those high pressure sales call funnels. You'll usually notice that. Why? Because it's the most effective sales technique there is. It makes the most money from the littlest amount of traffic. So this is what you want to look at for next. The cool thing about this is there is just endless videos on YouTube that show you how to do onetoone sales and then you just have to get on the phone and do it. I think Sam Ovenans good oldfashioned sales scripts are good. I think Alex Hamozi's sales scripts, I'm sure he has them somewhere all over his channel. They're fantastic. Alex is probably in my opinion the best living copywriter when it comes to sales and copywriting online that there is. He just studies and studies and studies it. Also, Russell Brunson is another one. He's him and Alex are probably the best that actually share their info just widely. And then Blueprint It. That's where I would look for those. And then Sam Oven's good. If you can get into old Frank Kern stuff, this is going to serve you very well on those as well. Dan Kennedy, you should just read all of his books. It's going to help you on both of these topics right here. My sales scripts are also online, but they're a little bit more customs suited to SAS and software. And I think I have the best SAS and software pitch in the industry. Jordan Belelfair's onetoone sales are also really really good, too. Those are that's where you want to learn those things. That will get you there and then you just have to go do it. So you copyright to get people on sales calls to sell to them. Now how do you get people there? Paid advertising. Paid advertising is somewhat of an intimidating skill to learn because you have to spend money on ads on Facebook, Instagram, and Tik Tok and everything. This is by far next to these two skills I just talked about. It's just as important and this is the best skill you can ever possibly learn because no matter what happens in the the realm of AI, technology, whatever there will always be advertising. There will always be people that have attention and are willing to sell that attention. And your job as an advertiser is to pay for that attention and make a profit from it. So the ability to buy the attention from other people and convert it profitably into sales of your product. If you can do that, you never have to ask to grow your business. You never have to go and make YouTube videos and dance like a clown or whatever you're going to be doing to generate attention for your business. You can on command say, "I'm going to start a business. I'm going to get people to it now." And once you understand how to convert people through it, you have a printing machine. First thing you can get people to your business immediately on command. That is powerful if you can do it profitably. And if you can do it profitly, what ads allow you to do is if you can spend $50 and make $100 back, that also means you can spend $50,000 and make $100,000 back. There is some things that come with scaling, but it allows you to take your business from small to big overnight. And this is extremely effective if you want to make a million dollars a year or become a millionaire. Because once you have a business and if you can run ads to it or to your pages that have your copywriting on it, get people on the phone and sell to them and then effectively get people there from ads in a profitable way. If you can spend $500 to make $1,000, you can very quickly spend $5,000 to make $10,000, $10,000 to make $20,000, so on and so forth. It allows you to turn up the faucet or the fire hose of your business very quickly. So, when it comes to advertising, I have endless amounts of advertising training on this channel. You can check out also my old channel. I have my scripts, my copywriting, my creative, how I target. Everything's on this channel. Ben Heath has a fantastic channel. There's tons of other good channels on YouTube. Just type in Facebook ads and then go do it. Go buy a few courses on it, too. Usually, the people that are selling courses on Facebook ads, like good oldfashioned media buying, they're just great courses to watch. Don't buy the courses where it's like make tons of money with Facebook ads and money. Buy the good old boring ones where it's like learn how to do targeting, learn how to do the basic creatives. See the things that are working in most industries. Usually made by media buyers who are not very good at YouTube are getting attention. If it's like some big famous guru, I'm not saying the course is naturally bad, but that person is really good at YouTube and generating attention. You want to find the media buyers who are really actually not very good at marketing. They're really good at buying ads for companies and you want to learn from them. There's a lot of them out there. I think Ben Heath is fantastic on YouTube. I think my stuff is awesome. I've been running ads for 15 years. I don't have any courses you can buy in it. It's just all on YouTube for free. So, learn that. Then, finally, the last thing we're going to be learning is marketto product fit. And so, this is recognizing how products fit into markets and how to build them. What a lot of people do is they make products that everybody else is building. There's a thousand people selling consulting or agency courses or make money online courses. There's a thousand people doing e-commerce drop shipping. There's a thousand people making similar softwares to each other. where you're going to make a lot of money at is being able to look at specific business models out there. Like for example, a doctor's office and you're going to be able to look at the business and see where the problems are in the business or what I like to look for is breakage. For example, if you look at a doctor's office, I guarantee if you sit down and look at the whole entire business model long enough, whether it comes to how they get their prescriptions, how they sell, how they pick up their phones, somewhere there's some inefficiency in there that is either wasting tons of their money or costing them tons of additional sales and money. What you then do is you make a product to fix that problem. And what I like to do when it comes to making money is I like to sell a $100 bill for $20. I make a product that fixes this inefficiency and makes them $100 and then I charge them $20 for it. For example, if you put Hyros on a website, it routinely from people's advertising makes them 15% more on their ad scale and saves them about 15%. That's about 30% more from their ads. If a business is making a million a month from their ads, that's an extra 150 200,000 300,000 literally a month from their business just using hires. I can easily bill 10, 20,000, etc. for that. You see the gist of it? That's how I like to get into a business and that's how I like to sell. But regardless of what you're doing, whether it's in e-commerce and you're looking at skincare or whatever, for example, a perfect example of a product in e-commerce, the eight sleep bed, they saw a huge gap in the market when it came to sleep and mattresses and they saw that really picking up in the marketplace and YouTube. This is going to be kind of a six sense for you. And this really comes with experience in the industry. And the way you get better at learning product market fit is one, you're just aware of it. you're where the first thing you want to look for in a business is finding ways to test if the market loves it or not. You don't go and just make a product and just like throw it out there. If you're a beginner, you can sort of do that. But the way to make a lot of money is you make really small test products and you sample them and put them out in the market. So when I was making hires originally made a very very cheap software that tracked attribution I showed to people and tried to get them to pay for it. I didn't actually sell it to them at the end of the call. I said you can't buy it yet. But I really went and went through this high entire process and sold highros to people to make sure they would actually want to buy it before I invested fully in the product. You can do the same thing with info marketing. For example, when I was doing e-commerce info marketing and selling products right there, I noticed e-commerce was picking up in the market a whole lot. And so what I thought is like, hey, if I go find some people that are really good in e-commerce, I get them to make a course and then I sell it via sales calls, I think that'll do very well. So what I did first is I got people on sales calls and I built the whole product marketing wise, not the product. And then I sold it on calls to see if it would convert. Of course, I didn't take the people's money and I saw, "Oh, wow. This is converting very highly." So then I had the guys make a course and these are some of the best ecom makers out there. It wasn't like I went and got some uh Fiverr guys to make an e-commerce course. I found guys who were making tens of millions of dollars a year in e-commerce. I said, "Hey, let's make a course together. You make the course, I'll do the marketing for you." And that's how I put that product together. And with no experience in e-commerce, was able to build one of the most successful e-commerce info products at the time. I analyzed the market, saw what product might have been needed, did a test for it, and then brought the people together to make the product. That right there allows you in combination with all these skills is you know how to get people to a website endlessly with ads. You know how to convert them to get them to do what you want via copy and you know how to maximize every visit with onetoone sales. And again, you know how to go and test the product to find the right product for these niches. And you combine these four things together and you work on them just like a World of Warcraft character where you say, "Okay, I need to I need to work on my block." You go and train your block. Okay, I need to work on my dodge. You go and train your dodge. Okay, I need to get my HP up. You go and increase your HP. You do each of these things with intent and then suddenly you're a pretty damn good tank. You do these four things with intent, you are going to be able to make money very easily because you have all the abilities and skills to make money. So don't focus on making money. focus on mastery of specific skills that align with making money. This combination right here makes a very, very, very effective person when it comes to making money. There are plenty of other ways to make money and plenty of other skills. For example, you could get just really good at coding and making apps and marketing apps on an iPhone. But those skills, I'm not saying, are worse or not as good. They're not as universal. They're very kind of niche. These are really four big giant skills that will serve you your entire life and make it so you can make money in any climate. I don't care what's going on in AI. I don't care what's going on in tech. I don't care what's happening in anything. You can find any business model out there and use these four skills to get people places, convince them to do sell them stuff, and then find the right product and bring the right people together to make that product. And they universally apply. So, this is where I would start if I want to become a millionaire very quickly. If you like that and you want all the courses and everything that teach you how to do these things, by the way, my old courses were really good when it came to sales. I'm just going to give this to you if you're a subscriber. So, subscribe and I'll probably find some way to get it to you in the next month or so. And if you're watching this video and it's it's well past when this video was made, subscribe and there should be something on this channel that shows you where to go gain the courses once you're subscribed. Or maybe I'll release them like every two weeks to only subscribers or something like that. We'll figure it out. Subscribe or die. The end. Okay, bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: 200 Mil CEO Shows How He'd Make 10 Mil A Year From Zero In 2025 [FULL BLUEPRINT]
VIDEO ID: c9j2tTw9BPo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9j2tTw9BPo
================================================================================

All right, buckle the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up because this one's the big one. This is my 100% free guide on how I would reach $10 million per year and personal consistent flowing income that I can count on if I had to start completely over from scratch, did not have the skill sets I have today, and want to do it in a reasonable time frame. Let's say 3 to 5 years while I am still young. This is step by step what I do. In fact, this is step by step what I did to build a $200 million valued company, Hyros, from start to finish, minus all the stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mistakes I made. Because I'm sure as you watch this hourong video, you're going to discover I'm kind of a dumbass. Here are the steps. Here's the first lesson. The first lesson is intent. If you want to make $10 million per year in personal income, you have to build a business that is capable of generating $10 million per year in consistent profit. Not something that's willy-nilly, goes up and down, not something that makes $10 million a year in revenue, something that makes $10 million a year in profit. That means you're likely going to need to build a $100 million company. Now, I know that sounds crazy and intimidating and but it's the same way as setting out to build a $1 million company or a $5 million company. And the big mistake a lot of people make, including me when I got started, because I've built several seven figure and eight figure companies, is I didn't build companies that were capable of getting to $100 million in valuation. And if you're making about $100 million in valuation, you're probably taking home about $10 million per year, give or take. It just depends on the business. But we also also have to optimize for profit here. And so what you need to do is when you're thinking about your business, what you have to think about is the legs of the business. This is going to be the size of the market, the competition of the market, the demand for the product, and the price to the size in comparison of all of this. So for example, you're going to have a really hard time making $10 million a year selling $5 Shopify shirts. You're going to have a really hard time making $10 million per year in profit if you're selling info products or little small products. You're going to have a really hard time making $10 million a year in income. If you're selling something that everybody else is selling that's oversaturated, the market isn't big enough. So, first and foremost, you have to sit down and analyze the type of business you're going to make and say, is this capable of getting to $100 million in value? Is this capable? If you're going to be making $10 million a year, you're usually looking at about a 30 50% profit margin on the very highest of end. And so the business has to be capable of generating $30, $40 million per year. And what I'm going to show you in the next steps is how to plan on a business that's capable of doing that. Now, you're probably wondering, who is this extremely good-looking, jacked, handsome, very humble man talking to me right now? And how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is he qualified to tell me anything about building a $100 million business? Here's why. I have built a business that's valued anywhere between 150 and $200 million. It name is Hyros. The way I'm getting those valuations, unlike other YouTubers who just take their best income month and then multiply it by 12 and then multiply it by 15 or 10 to get some crazy valuation number, is I've received offers for 110 million. I've received offers for 150 million. And if you take our revenue, which is closing in on $40 million per year, and you put it through basic SAS multiples, which is about a 7x for a company that's approaching those numbers and growing at about 40 to 50% per year, which we are right now, the multiples on that are about 7 to 10, which would actually put my net worth and the value of my company closer to $400 million. I don't want to use those big crazy numbers. So, let's cut it in half. Let's give it a terrible multiple of just 5x, which is just terrible and would be a business that isn't growing. That's how I'm getting those valuation numbers on my company. So, I'm using the lowest end numbers I possibly can. I'm using past offers I've gotten. Now, on top of this, I have built many, many seven and eight figure businesses. Now, I'm not using valuation numbers on those. I've built many businesses that generate seven figures a year in profit, eight figures a year in profit, eight figures a year in revenue. I'm not using multiples on those because I couldn't sell those businesses. So, using multiples on those like most YouTubers use on their business would be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And for this next hour, if you can tell, I want to be very straightforward and blunt with you. I don't want to give you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blown up pie in the sky information. I want to give you very basic, straightforward business practices that I discovered along the way of building my company and I learned from other entrepreneurs that consistently build companies like this. And before I continue to the next step that shows you how to find the right markets for this, how to find and build the right products for this, you're probably thinking, why in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name would I sit down and do this? Here is why. A, I don't have a course to sell you. I'm already extremely rich and as you can tell, extremely humble. I see you guys in the comment section. You consistently say I'm not humble. I don't know what you're getting at. I don't see what anything about this video doesn't scream. Raging humility, but whatever. I'm not here to prove that to you. The fact is I'm already extremely rich and selling courses, I think, is a bad business model for getting more rich from here. It doesn't make enough money for me to care about it. However, at my company, Hyris, we're launching a product in the future that is extremely mass market. You can put it on any website and will increase the revenue of the website 3 to 5%. I don't want you to buy that right now. I don't even want you to think about it. I'm not selling it to you right now. You can't even buy it. Chill out. My goal of making this video is to help you so much and give you so much information that your business grows. And when it does grow, you come think, "Hey, that really nice, good-looking, handsome, jacked man on YouTube. He helped me out a whole lot. Maybe I'll go check out his business. I have nothing to sell you right now. So, stop twisting your nipples. You're just going to get an hour of quality content here. No PS, pitches, or steamy, skisy internet marketing aside." So, let's talk about the next step. Finding the market and knowing what type of product to build for this market and then how to target specific beachfronts for the market. I know it's a big mouthful. Let me explain. So, look, for the sake of this video, I only built one business valued over $100 million. So, I'm going to use my experience at Hyros, which is a SAS company. I think SAS is the best business model overall, especially for me. It matches my talents, but this applies to basically every business model out there. It's the core of growing a large business from complete scratch. You can use it for anything. I'm going to talk about this in relation to highrisis though because that's the experience I have. You're going to have to use your noggin and connect the dots, which I trust you can do because you don't have an IQ of a baboon. If you do have an IQ of a baboon, I I don't know what to tell you. Enjoy the video. We have a cool car in the background. You can flip it, too. Look, identifying the market, the product you should build for it. And by the way, these drawings in the background are going to be like they're written by a chimpanzeee at all times in this video. Just remember, I'm absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm very incompetent. So, you're just going to have to sort through the information knowing that the Lamborghini here is to trick you into thinking I'm a competent professional entrepreneur who knows what he's doing. I think it's going pretty well so far. Don't you? Anyways, the market, the product and beachfronts. So, look, first thing you need to do is you need to identify a market that is big enough at higher risk. For example, I decided that we needed to target media buyers. And you also need to target a market that is not completely oversaturated with the product you're going to assign. So, I know a lot about marketing. So, I decided to build Hyros, which is a marketing software that tracks ads and then basically increases the revenue you get from ads. Now, I'm not going to pitch you Hyros in this video. I'm just going to tell you what it does so you understand how I approach this market. So, what Hyris does is if you put it on your Facebook ads, your YouTube ads, let's say you spend a h 100red, $500, $1,000 on there. You need to see which ads are generating sales since you know which ones are generating an ROI. Facebook ad, YouTube ads, whatever. They don't track as deeply as needed to actually go and track all your sales. Hyro does that. So, if you're running ads on Facebook, for example, I can spend $1,000 on Facebook and it will tell me I got five calls for my business when in reality I got 10 or I got less than that and Facebook was wrong. If I'm using that wrong data, I'm not able to scale my ads actively. Therefore, I lose money or turn off ads that are making me a lot of money. If a business plugs this in, it makes them more money. But the core of what I just showed you right here is breakage in a business. It's a place where a business is either losing money or can make more money. It's the problem. It's the painful problem that the business or person is dealing with and that's what we want to focus on. So the first thing we want to do is we want to look at a market that can support this and make sure it's simply big enough. Marketing software obviously if you look at Salesforce you look at other products in the market obviously marketing software has a huge niche out there. If we look at e-commerce for example I'm going to use the references of sleep or skincare because those are really easy ones to make. If you look at the market share or the market size of people that need to improve their sleep or the people need to improve their skin, it's absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gigantic. So, first thing you need to do is pick a big enough market that your business can scale into. The easiest way to do this is a lot of people have all sorts of little testing strategies or weird little strategies to go find this thing. They load up an Excel sheet like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nerd and do this. Just look at similarsized companies in the marketplace. Are there multiple billion dollar companies? Are there 10 billion dollar companies? Is the total market share big enough that if you get a tiny little sliver, you can get a $10 million per year, $20 million per year, or $30 to $40 million per year business running from it? If you're doing SAS and you want to make $10 million per year income, you probably going to need a business probably doing anywhere from 30 to $40 million a year. If you're doing e-commerce, you're probably going to need a business doing 50 or 80 with the profit margins from that. If you're selling info products and digital products, I don't know what to tell you. I think that's a really hard business model to scale. It's fantastic for cash flow, which is fine. we'll talk about here in a second, but usually cash flow businesses are not great scaling businesses because their barrier to entry due to their profit margin makes them extremely competitive. If you've noticed there's 500 info products or coaches or whatever popping up everywhere. It's not a great business to make a $100 million valuation on. You also can't sell the businesses. So, I'm not really going to talk about those businesses too much in this video. Though, I think it is a great way to make money. I don't think it's a great way to make consistent money because the businesses have all those metrics that I just talked about that make it very hard to sell, overly competitive. It's very challenging. I can walk away from high-risisk right now and the business will continue growing and making money. You can't do that with most info businesses. There are caveats to that, but let's continue. So, we need to make sure the market is big enough. Now, we need to make a product based around breakage or a significant problem combining a beachfront we're actually able to storm. Now, those are buzzwords. Let me explain the buzzwords. So, what is breakage? If you look at what I did with Hyros, I found breakage in the business in terms of their ads. There was huge inefficiency in terms of the advertising. People were losing money left and right by not having correct attribution. I am basically able to use and use that to create the best product pitch of all time. You pay me $100, I will make you $500. So, for example, if someone plugs in Hyris and they're making 100,000 a month from their ads, if they plug in Hyris, it will increase their ad revenue to 115 or $120,000 a month. and I build them a,000 to $2,000 a month. Very easy. They're making 20,000, I get 2,000 of that. That's the best business pitch on earth. I love making products around that. And that's what I base around. There's other ways you can do this in e-commerce and whatnot. I've never done that, so I'm not going to talk about them too much. And frankly, you can already see the common problems in e-commerce just from my point of view by looking at the market. People need to sleep better. People need to improve their skincare, so on and so forth. Now, what you need to do once you find these breakages or you see the problems in a marketplace is you need to look for beachfronts you can actually store them. So, for example, one of my first marketing softwares, Market Hero, I went and made an email autoresponder and I messed up royally. Now, the business got to $34,000 a month, which is not too shabby for a SAS business, but it couldn't scale from there and it was impossible to improve or keep moving forward because I built it very very very wrongly. See, what I did in that marketplace is I went for the entire market. All right? anybody sending email ever. You own a Shopify store, you're doing digital marketing, you're doing whatever. I went for all of it. Okay? And the problem with this marketplace was two things. One, I went for everybody all at once. So, I was not good at anything in particular. Two, the email space was extremely competitized. So, when you're looking at your market, is the market and the problem you're trying to solve commoditized? What does this mean? If you look at Mailchimp, you can sign up for a free trial and then pay $7 a month for it. And even if you're running a million-doll business, it's like very, very cheap. This is because the email market or the email marketing market is so spread out and packed that it's become very cheap and easy for businesses to get into it. And so you have Mailchimp which is making billions and billions of dollars a year and can lower their profit margin to like 5% and still make tons of money. That's so hard to compete with as if you're a startup. It just doesn't work like that. So you want to look at the incumbents in your marketplace and see is it commoditized. When I looked at my market, only thing I saw was this brand called Wick Reports. Now, unlike other entrepreneurs who like to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about other companies, me and Wicked did talk a little bit of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about each other at the start of it, but I have a lot of respect for our competitors at High-Res. Triple Whale, Wicked Reports, North Beam, I think they're all great companies. We all do kind of different things. Wik Reports is kind of more like analytical, like super hardcore media buyer. Northbeam is like super enterprise. Triple whale is exclusively Shopify, which I think is brilliant the way they built their business. And then it really ties in this lesson I'm going to show you right here. Regardless, at Market Hero, we were competing against like Mailchimp and stuff like that. Didn't work because we couldn't scale because everybody else was just so much cheaper and the profit margins and the and the amount of stuff that went into it. It was commoditized. We couldn't make much money there in the margins. Our competitor though, Clavio, launched at the same time. This is one of the first painful lessons here I learned about Beachfronts. There was nothing made specifically for Shopify and only Shopify. So, what did Clavio do? They didn't go out to entire market. They made a email mo autoresponder for just Shopify. just shopped by e-commerce and this is when Shopify was starting to take off. The company is now worth like $6 billion and my company's worth zero because I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. So here's one of the the first big lessons of how Alex Becker is a complete dumbass. I went for everything and I didn't target a beachfront. Clavio did. So what you want to do with your business is you want to see what part of this market is not being served. So for example, if I was making a software right now, I see all these AI softwares popping up everywhere. You they're targeting everyone all at once. What I would do is I would make an AI software for let's say doctor's office or construction companies or lighting companies like something bizarre like that. If you look at for example Alex's gym launch, the reason why that was so successful besides Alex being very talented. Um I've known him for years. I know him since he launched Gym Launch. I saw Gym Launch grow. I saw him go and sell Gym Launch. I talked to Alex pretty consistently. He's absolutely brilliant. Let's not take that away from that. Okay. But one of the reasons why Gym Launch was also very successful is back in the day everybody was launching info around consulting or e-commerce. yada yada. The same info products you see being slung on YouTube all day long. Alex went and targeted a beachfront where nobody was was marketing info products, which was gyms at the time. Because of that, Alex had the entire market to himself and he was able to become the best person in that space. Not only did he have the only product you could buy, he quickly became the big authority in the space. And so, he was able to absorb all the business and he built similar gym businesses off of that. And that was his edge right there. So those two examples, me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and then another person applying to his business model. So you want to go and target beachfronts where you can get a foot in the door. So instead of targeting everything, let's say this is an entire space right here. You want to find a little sliver right here. So let's say this is a $10 billion market. You want to find this tiny sliver where you can dominate and get $100 million. Let's actually say just like $30 million in revenue. Okay, that's not very much of the 10 billion. You can do this because you can find the exact perfect customer and then make it for them. This is the first thing you need. The second thing you need to actually do on top of intent. Okay? So, you can see number one and two, we're being very intentful with how we build our business. Also, by the way, if you like this video, like, subscribe. Why? Because I'm able to scrape my subscribers with AI. And in the future, I'm just going to release a big free course that's kind of similar to this, but I'm only going to give it to subscribers. Cuz if you're not subscribed, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you. You come here, you mooch, you leech around, you look at my beautiful face, you go and tell your wife about me, your kids adore me, and you don't even subscribe. What are you doing, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dork? Subscribe and I'm gonna give you a ton of free [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the future. I'll be able to scrape my subscribers and you'll get access to all those free courses. I'm never going to sell your course because like I said, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate doing it. The main reason I'm making this and not doing some mastermind or courses is because talking to people in person making courses, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate doing it. And the second you give me money, I'm responsible for your financial success. I don't want that. I don't think most people have the gustoa to go and build a business. And unlike other people and YouTubers that tell you anyone can build a business, I've been doing this for so long, it's really hard to convince people to actually get off their butt and make businesses. I'd rather just give you the information for free, I have no responsibility. And so if I give you any courses or anything in the future, it's just going to be free, too. But you got to be subscribed. So speaking about the next part, there's this really tricky thing that happens in business. It's this bizarre bizarre phenomenon where you have to pay for things and this creates problems when it comes to initially funding a business. So, I'm going to give you two ways you can fund the business right now because this is step three. First way, you raise money. Now, how do you raise money? You try really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. There's about a billion videos on YouTube about raising money for businesses. I saw some person raise like $18 million for like the dumbest idea I've ever seen ever. You're just going to have to go do it and raise money. I don't like raising money because it requires you having to give a huge amount of uh your company's shares and equity to the people that raise money. I don't like that. I have a super mega majority ownership of Hyros, which is one of the reasons why I'm able to make a lot of income from it from dividends and whatnot. Though at the moment, I really don't try to make that much money from Hyros. I could easily cash flow it and make 20 mil a year easy. I don't want that. I want the company to grow. I want to build a billion-doll company in one of the great SAS companies. My motivation right now in business is not money. I have plenty of it. My motivation is I want to build one of those great SAS companies that everybody loves that people aspire to. So, I'm not too worried about cash flow right now. So, as we continue in this video, I'm going to focus on your cash flow, but just understand that's not really my priority. I want to build a billion-dollar business. You want to build a hund00 million business, and you want to make $10 million a year. That's what we're going to focus on. That being said, if you want to make a lot of money, it it it's easier if you just don't give away any equity. So, what I like to do is I like to do cash flow business models to fund the big business. Now, this is a lot slower. You can cut to the chase with raising money and start day one. But I think if you're a beginner entrepreneur and you're watching this, I I don't think you should do that cuz you don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing. Running cash flow businesses like info products, e-commerce stores, uh, and the lower levels, coaching businesses, a lot of the businesses you see on YouTube, a lot of the businesses that people tell you, consulting, uh, building an agency, I don't think they're great for building a 100 million uh, nine figure net worth. I just don't think they are. It's very hard to do. I did them for years, and the reason why I did them for years was cash flow. They cash flow very well. And so you can get to 50,000, 100,000, 150,000 a month with those type of business models. I in fact suggest you do because it's going to teach you the nuts and bolts of business. And if you go and raise money without having that type of experience, you're in for a parachute jump off a cliff, figure it out as you go kind of situation, which there are plenty examples of. If you look at Airbnb, you look at Zapier, you look at so many billion dollar SAS companies, they are from founders that never had really built a large business before. So it happens all the time. I'm just saying I like cash flow because I can go and not give away equity in my company. So that's what I would do. I would either raise money or I would build a cash flow business. Now, how do you build a cash flow business? There's so many videos and trainings on YouTube. And my advice to you is if you're a beginner entrepreneur right now, don't be skeptical and jaded as hell. You're going to buy a few courses. You're going to learn from a few people that are scumbags and not teach you the best information or it's going to be rehashed information or whatnot. This is just part of learning. It's fine. Like, it's literally fine. If you buy like a $1,000 course and it doesn't work out for you, that's fine. You're probably going to learn a lot from it. You're going to learn a lot from the marketing. You're going to try and get going and put in the reps. The way you get good at anything, jiu-jitsu, guitar, talking on YouTube, anything. YouTube, influencer marketing is another great way to cash flow is you just do it. You do it. You try the best way to learn. And when you learn, you apply it. Even the worst ecom courses, consulting courses out there will teach you something if you go and apply it. So, just don't worry about messing this part up. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Now, if you're an experienced entrepreneur, you already have business. You probably already have cash flow. What you do with that cash flow is you take it and you use it to build your business. For example, when I built Hyris, I was already making a million dollar per month in revenue, about $450,000 400,000 a month in cash for my businesses. And what I wanted to do is I didn't want to worry about lifestyle or anything whatsoever. Um, so what I did is I was living in a mansion at the time. I had a Lamborghini back then as well and all sorts of cool stuff. I was also making like onetenth what I'm making right now. In fact, right now I make more in a month than I used to in a year back then. But the way I was able to get to where I am right now was I sold out of stuff. I moved into a completely empty apartment with very very very little overhead compared to the income I was making was like $4,500 a month rent which seems like a lot but I was making over 100,000 couple hundred thousand a month then. And that allowed me to just dump all the cash in Hyru to build it. Now, Tyrros took about 100,000 a month to build in its upstarts to get the MVP up, but the initial product that we gave to customers, I could have built for like 20 $30,000. So, I'm just giving the spans of what we're looking at right here. And if you can't go and get 30 $50,000 into a business to test the product, maybe work on that purse so you have like a little bit of cash flow experience in business. This is just general knowledge. You can also just go straight for the raise if you're cocky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Plenty of people done, plenty of people made billions of dollars doing that. That's my suggestions for that. If any of that makes you uncomfortable, raising money or cash, guess what? If you want to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich, you're going to have to do things that other people don't want to do. A lot of people think it all comes from some idea or some nuance or something like that. The way people truly get rich is by doing things that other people don't want to do, which is working very hard and taking risk, okay? And then doing things that make people uncomfortable. There's a lot of people that work hard. For example, people that go and mow lawns, that's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. Like, have you ever worked at like a concession stand or as a grocery bagger? I was a firefighter at the time. That was work. Hard work doesn't equate purely to money. You also have to take risks. People that are mowing lawns are not taking any risk. You have to take risk and bet on stuff that might not work out. And then you have to do things that is uncomfortable. For example, I'm not pooping on people that mow lawns. You mow lawns. God bless you. Okay? Like that's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. But going out there and doing a lot of jobs or labor doesn't make you uncomfortable. It's not it's not challenging to do those things. You don't wake up and go, "Oh, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this today." Like calling someone on the phone and selling something. You have to do something that makes you uncomfortable. Okay? It's those three things that make people rich. If you do those three things aggressively every single day for 10 hours a day, you're going to eventually make a lot of money. As for example, Alex Hamosi says, his number one lesson is that you need to do enough volume that it's unreasonable that you don't succeed. And that's probably the best advice you could give to anybody. Those are the things you need to put volume into on top of actually doing the actual thing. So that's number three. That's where you get the actual cash from. Now, here is the part where everybody messes up. It is product market fit. People have a very bad understanding of this because what product market fit is the point where you have a product that people really want. And I'm going to give you more definitions for it here in a second, but it's the part where people just really want to buy your product and like people are going to come to you even if your site's a little bit janky and buy the product and mass. They will tell their friends about it. They will tell their families about it. This is the part where you don't even have to do any marketing and your product will just grow. For example, school Sam Oven school. Um, again, another amazing entrepreneur. I' I've known him forever. Respect the hell out of the guy. school. He He made no ads because he's a cheeky motherucker like that and doesn't want to buy ad. I don't understand Sam. Nobody understands Sam. But he's a cheeky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. He wants to build businesses where he doesn't run ads. Okay. School. He got one customer, two customers, five customers. And then it just grew to a business that I think is probably valued at like 500 million to a billion right now without any advertising. That's product market fit. That's that's that'sing dick straight in the it's it's squeezy. It's tight. It's this channel is going to get banned off YouTube. Anyway, so what we want to do is we want to find that product market fit. Now, a lot of people are like, "All right, Alex, well, how do I know if I have product market fit or not?" You don't. You can't just sit down and like brainstorm if you have product market fit. It's like looking at a girl from across the room and like, "How can I make sure that I'm the perfect fit for her and she's going to love me and we're going to go get along very well?" Like, you can sit there and scheme and rub your hands together and and put lotion all over your hands all creepy enough in the corner. That was basically me at 20 years old. But you're not going to know. You have to go and find ways to dip your foot in the water. Now, I know you guys are all 5 foot2 virgins, and we're that's a whole other problem for the for another video, okay? I I don't I don't think I'm going to be able to fix your crippling virginity in this one video, guys. We got to focus on making you rich first. So, at least you can you can you can pay only fans girls to hang out with you for Instagram photos. Let problem number one, you're broke or you're not. Jokes aside, you're not making as much as money money as you want. If you're watching this, you're probably an experienced entrepreneur. I see you. Hopefully, you fixed the virginity thing. Anyways, so how do we do this whole product market fit thing? So there's a lot of things that people talk about and you've probably seen a few of these before, but I'm going to give you the creme de la creme of how to do this. So people talk about minimal viable product. Minimal via product is essentially that. It's the least you can possibly do to test your product idea. So for example, in Silicon Valley and a lot of tech companies, they'll make a software that's just literally a UI and it simulates the experience for the customer. Okay? So they'll have people come in and they'll test what is essentially just a fake product. Everything it's outputting is just like a it's it's pre-made. Okay. So, let's imagine like I I connected someone into a high-risisk account and I just show them like their ad results and like what it would look like and then and then pitch them the product and see if they would buy it. Okay. It's basically doing it in the cheapest way possible. So, I'm going to give you a few examples of this. So, when I first made Hyros with about within about 20 $30,000, we're able to make something that could track Facebook ads pretty efficiently. and I was using it for my business, but it wasn't, if you look at Hyris now, that is just some monster of a thing. It used to just be like a little Excel sheet and it would show you how much you spent and then how many sales came in. And this was like revolutionary at the time because everything tracking wise was just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And Ricky reports, I'm not going to sit here and talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about them, but it was very hard for people to grasp and understand. Tracking was not mainstream at the time. And I don't like to toot my horn too much, but I think Iris is what made tracking ads mainstream because of my marketing and the way I simplified it for most business to understand. Most people were not tracking their ads at the time. The only I was using like some winging Excel thing to track my ads. My buddy Sam, who was really like he got me into tracking my ads. He had like this complicated custom system that was built on segment. It was just bonkers at the time. Okay, so I'm I'm a I'm I'm the guy that made tracking mainstream. I'm taking that metal. Uh also the most humble YouTuber business advice guy six years straight. You guys all know. Anyways, what I did within about I don't know 20 $30,000 is I made that really simple thing. And the way I tested product market fit is I didn't sell the product. What a lot of people think is like how can I make this product or business and then start making money day one. That's completely irrational. You silly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you want to do that, go make a cash flow business. If you want to make a $100 million business, you want to make $10 million a year consistently where it flows in from an actual business that has moes and defensibility, which we'll talk about a little bit later on, you're going to need to build and test something. Now, on Moes, I'm just going to talk about this very quickly. The reason why we're building businesses like this is because it's hard. What a moat is is it stops people from getting into it. So, for example, when I was making e-commerce info products back in the day, there was like 500 new ones that popped up within two months of us having to top. and we made a really big e-commerce product. It was making a lot of money and within six months there was 50 competitors who were very competent. At Hyros, we had one competitor, Wicker Reports, and in the like the last decade we've been open, there's only been two or three that are really competent that I actually fear that it popped up. Um, and so like it's just we can really get our own parts of the market. These are Moes. Nobody wants to invest 510 million to build another high-risisk. No one wants to figure out all the tracking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we did to do it. And this applies to basically any business model. You have to have some level of investment and some complexity behind your business that prevents other people from getting into it. This is why drop shipping stores and a lot of businesses like consulting or agencies are hard to scale because at a certain point the market is really saturated due to those problems that I just mentioned. So we want we want a business where you you don't make money day one because you have to figure it the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. This is the whole this this jungle jargon stuff we're going through right now is the reason why these businesses make so much money is because nobody can replicate them. Okay, so I was able to put this out and what you don't want to do is sell it first. And I'll talk about how we get our first customers here in a minute. What you want to do is I hopped on calls with people and before I even have this built and we had the working product, I get in calls with people and I literally just had something like an Excel sheet that simulated what the product would do. And I sold the product to people. I got people from ads. I talked to people on Facebook and Facebook groups, people that knew me from the internet and I got on calls with them and I showed them the product and I pitched it and I wrote a pitch for it and everything and I said, "Would you buy this?" Okay? And then I pitched it, I pitched a dollar amount, I did the close, everything. And then at the very end of it, I said, "Well, you can't buy it right now." But I went through all of that. And so what happened right there on those calls, what I saw was when I pitched it certain ways, the first version of the product, people didn't really respond to. I tweaked it a little bit and suddenly people in the calls were saying, "Oh yeah, I'll sign up for that $250 a month. Here's my card right now." And I was like, "No, you can't buy it." But then what I kept doing is I kept increasing the price. I'm like, "Hey, all right. It's it's $1,000 upfront." People are like, "Oh, yeah. Here's my card. I'll buy it right now." I'm like, "It's $5,000 up front." They're like, "Oh, it's kind of steep, but here's my car right now. We really need to have this." And I'm like, "Okay, uh, for your business, you make a lot of money. It's going to be um 60,000 a year." Okay, cool. Yeah, we'll pay it up front. Like, here's my car right now. That's how I knew I had product market fit. I sold the product before I even had a product. I didn't take that money, of course. Like, don't do that. Um, but I was able to test it on sales calls first. Now, you can also use that method of testing the product and showing it to people and getting the response. But I think the best way to tell if you have a product market fit initially is selling the product and seeing if people will put their card down right then immediately without resistance. And you can keep upping the price. If people are trying to like haggle you on the price, so they're resistant to putting their card down, you don't quite have it. Keep going back to the drawing board. It should be something where people go, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need this now. I see how much more money this is going to make me or something. Their problem, whether it's sleep, whether it's their skin, they need to see it and say, "This is absolutely perfect for me. Please let me pay you for it." That's how you know you have product market fit. Now, let me give you a few other examples of product market fit you're going to see as you launch the product a little bit more. And this ties into getting your I have my notes over here, by the way. I'm not going to act like I have this all in my head. But you need to also gauge the customer's response. So, for example, Hyris right now and Hyris at the beginning, if I turned Hyros off, we would get so many angry messages right now. Like, it's insane. If I turn Discord off, if I turn Slack off, if I turn Stripe off, if I turn Zapier off, name anything that you have that your business relies on or you use every single day. For example, if my EightLe bed broke the other day and I was like pissed and like I I don't have the time to send customer support tickets, but like it was a real problem for me and I had to replace it right away. That's how you know eightle has a product market fit. Okay. So whether it's by getting your claws into the business and making it so everything breaks when they leave, which is what like HubSpot or like Infusion Soft back in the day did, whether it's being so damn useful they have to use it. Like Zapier for example, you just have to have the damn thing on like it turn if it breaks or turns off, you're in trouble and you're going to be messing them. That's one thing you need to see. The other thing is rabbit customers. Are these people telling their friends about it? Are they pumped about it? Are they actively messaging you helping you improve the product? Do they really care about it? One of the things that uh Wade Foster at Zapier saw when they were building that initial product is they would build the product and people started like hey I'll give you money right now and people were all over them about improving the product because they needed it so bad and people really cared about the product. So it's a combination of those things. People easily paying you people being really bad if you if you turn it off. That's always a great sign. People caring about the product. If people are leaving criticisms, feedback trying to help you improve the product, it's not because it's not a bad thing. That's a good thing because it means people care. If people are not leaving you tickets and criticisms, if they're not actively talking to your business constantly and offering suggestions and it's quiet and crickets, that's when you have a product that nobody cares about. Okay, so those are things that go into product market fit. Now, step number five, getting 10 rabbit customers. When I say get 10 rabbit customers, you're like, "Well, 10 customers doesn't sound like enough to make money, Alex." Yeah, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What you want to do is you need to go and through your sales methods that I just talked about through introducing this this product to people by talking about it online you're going to get 10 people in. And so for example at Hybrid we're launching a product called air right now. It's an AI product you put on your site. It uses a lot of our data to do all the remarketing for you and recognize your customers and then send them emails and messages pitching them what your business is selling based on what they were looking at and who they are. So, for example, let's say you run an e-commerce store right now and you go on the e-commerce page on Hyros. What's going to happen is ERA is going to recognize you. It's going to see that you own an e-commerce business. It's going to see you looking at the e-commerce page and it's going to look at all your tickets and everything you've interacted with on Hyros and it's going to send an email and a text message talking to you about the benefits of e-commerce, explaining how it relates to your business, showing you similar testimonials and trying to get you to book a call through various methods. You will even respond and talk back to you. Now, I'm just giving you all that because I secretly want to hint at you that you might be interested in the future. But on another note, how I have gone and developed this product is I'm just working with 10 customers that were original customers that absolutely love the air product. And so for the past six months, I've just been building this with them. They absolutely love it. They're telling their friends about it. They are obsessed with it. This is the same exact thing I did at Hyros. I got about 10 people that absolutely really needed ad tracking. Like they were rabid about it. Okay? I had a I had a buddy Dan Ryder who we met doing this and he worked with me for literally years on improving the product and telling me like what he needs for his business. We had about 10 other people like that and through that those 10 people we were able to develop a product just for them. And so what happened is one you want to be intentional with the beachfront you're going after. So who we originally made hybrid for was infomarketers or people that have call based businesses. So for example uh doctors um people that sell products over the phone. You ever seen a funnel where you book a call and sell the product over the phone? They run an ad, tell you to book a call. That's where Hyros really excels and that's what it wasn't being solved or um nurtured at all, especially by Wikked Reports at the time. Nobody could really track their phone calls and long-term revenue back to that. So, for example, with Hyros person books a call, you need to be able to track them all the way to the call and in everything they buy from you years after, track it back to that $1,000 you spent originally and see that ROI because you're not going to see that ROI immediately and you're definitely not going to track that on Facebook or whatever. It's a massive, massive problem. That was our beachfront. So, whether your beachfront is doctor's offices, gyms, whatever, be very thoughtful about that beachfront. Then get 10 rabbid customers that are really interested and you just work with them on it. You don't charge them. You just keep making the product for them and you keep developing and improving the product. This can be any product whether it's a sleep product, a skincare product. You keep working with them. Let's say you make a skincare product for men who are 55 and are suffering from crows feet or something like that. You keep improving the product, not just the product or formula itself, but how they like it, the brand itself, how easy it is for them to get it in the mail, how easy it is for them to open a damn thing, everything. And you just use their suggestions. They're going to keep feeding you data and feeding you information and feeding you information that's going to develop the product into the best possible product for these 10 people. Okay. So through Hyros, our product evolved and eventually became the best damn thing for tracking info or information products or call-based businesses. And then we use the same process for largecale e-commerce stores. We don't really focus on like tiny Shopify stores uh because they don't really have that much basis or tracking problems, but really large stores need to track their subscriptions or long-term revenue. That's where we go after in e-commerce and Shopify. Triple whale completely dominates the smaller end market and they did a super good job of that. We don't try to mess with them there. And we also go after really specific things. It's really important to know what the focus of your business is versus your competitors. For example, like triple is really analytics based. It's more like a dashboard. Hy is 100% pure tracking and tracking people for years and attributing all the revenue with intense accuracy. That's where we really excel at. So you got to pick your like your edge. Don't go and chase your competitors, chase your customers. Anyways, these 10 customers are going to help you develop a product that's perfect for them. And then what's going to happen is these 10 customers are going to start telling everybody about it because it's perfect for them. And what you don't realize about these 10 customers is if the market is a $5 billion market, there is a hund00 million of revenue out there from people that are just like those 10 customers. So if you can make these people absolutely in love with your product, they're going to slowly tell people and you're going to start absorbing this market. So when high-risisk started to grow and we got it good enough that these 10 customers were telling everybody about I just had DMs from everybody saying hey can we get on the high-risisk can we buy and so we like we had like a waiting list to get in just by doing this and this is why you focus on the 10 customers first. You make them love it and and if you're not at the point where people are DMing you to get into your product, you haven't pleased these 10 people enough or the market's too small. The market should not be too small. You shouldn't make that mistake. So the next part is starting to sell the product itself. So, what you want to do at this point in time is you really want to be working on your your pitches and the actual sales of the product. So, at High-Res, for example, we had people coming in from sales calls. And so, if people wanted to get on the product, they had to book a sales call and they had to go through it. So, not only do you want to find or the best pitch and the best way to sell a product, this is when you're working on the copy of your site and improving the product because you're working off this momentum of those initial 10 people. So, you shouldn't have too much trouble like getting calls and people to come at least check out the product. This is when you work on the proc and you start finding like the pricing and everything that makes sense. High roasters are such a good mark product market fit. We could require people to pay a year upfront. You really want to find niches that are so underserved that you can do this because it makes it really easy to run with ads. So, for example, if I was running an autoresponder, my competitors are selling free trials. It's going to be really hard for me to get people to spend $500 upfront, much less $10 to come try to propy roast. There was nothing serving. The problem is so big that we could charge 3500, $5,000, $6,000 upfront. No problem. This made it so that we ran money in ads. We broke massive profit on the ads because we're billing for an entire year up front. That's one just general tip I want to give you when you're starting your business. If you're selling skincare or a bed or anything like that, if you can find some way to package everything in a year up front based around the testimonials of those 10 customers, you're going to be doing very well. Now, how do you really get people to the edge to pay that amount? You use the testimonials from those 10 customers and the results. For example, the first 10 customers at high-risisk, I could show revenue increases on their ads of anywhere from 10, 15% all the way up to 150%. So, we could just go through all of them and when we're on the call pitching people, yes, we could go and pitch them and do the typical sales call routines that you see all over YouTube. But more importantly, what we're able to do is fall back on the ridiculous amount of testimonials. Now, when you sell the product as well, give an insane guarantee. If your product doesn't work or customer doesn't get results of your product, you don't keep their money. Like this is something that a lot of people are confused about when they're being a business like, "Well, if people want to get a refund, you don't keep your money. You can't build a business where like 10% of your customers are unhappy. They're just going to end up all over like negative sites and just tear your business to the ground. There's no point in trying to scale business or you have people refunding or not getting results. So, you might as well just give a crazy guarantee." So, our pitch at Hyros was of course the typical sales pitches you see. Look how much money you're gonna make from your ads and whatnot. Here's 10 testimonials backing up. We will let you come on board. You pay for it right now, but if you don't see results at all, like the refund guarantee right now is 90 days, but we really just are like, "Hey, if you don't see results and your business doesn't grow, you don't pay for it." And we've honored that to today. And we obviously wouldn't have a business if we couldn't do that. Like, that's that's one of the reasons that gets people across in sales calls. So, you use those testimonials from your 10 customers. You use basic sales pitches and you improve them. You get whatever you're going to be doing, whether it's copywriting, whether it's getting people on calls, you just work like hell on that. And then you go and make ridiculous guarantees on your product that you can back up and the customer doesn't pay for it. And that's what gets people across the edge in the finish line. You send them the skincare and if they don't see their crows feet removed, they don't pay for it. If you send them the bed, the mattress, whatever, if they don't sleep better, they don't pay for it. The end. And if you're thinking, well, that will make me lose money. Well, why are you selling a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] product where people don't get results? Like, what are you trying to do? You think you're going to build a $100 million business where like people consistently get your product and don't get results and you just like, I'm going to keep your money anyways. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. It's not going to work very well. So, don't even try. Just be super fluid with your refund guarantees. I see all these info marketers and agency owners and they have like tricky tricky tricky refund guarantee things. And trust me, I've done that in the past, too. That doesn't work. You can't scale like that. You don't it just people are unhappy and people are you don't you can't make a business work like that long term. It just doesn't work. You can't scale it. So, now comes the fun part. All right. So, you have a product. It's selling. You're having initial people coming in. If you're being smart with it, you're actually probably making some money to then reinvest in the product. So, at this point, hyros quickly got to like $100,000, $200,000 a month in revenue coming in. And that allows to just really reinvest back in the product. So, what you do at this point in time is one, reinvest. You shouldn't be taking money right here. If you're taking money, you're a silly goose. Are you trying to build a $100 million business? Are you trying to build some wing-ding internet marketing lifestyle business? They're two very different things. If you want to be worth $100 million or making $10 million a year consistently uh from happy customers, you're going to need to build something. You're going to need to build something special. You're not going to be able to do that without reinvesting. If you want to make some wing-ding internet marketing product where you cash flow and keep 90% of the money, by all means, go do that. You're not probably ever going to be worth $100 million. You're probably not ever going to consistently make over $10 million a year or whatever factored for inflation in the future. That's fine. Like, you want to make like a million, $2 million a year, do it by all means. you want to make a ton of money, you're going to have to do some things that other people don't want to do, which is reinvesting in your business, the product, based on the feedback of your customers and aggressive customer success. I think the thing that we actually sold at Hyros wasn't tracking. Our tracking is the best, but the thing we sold actually was the best customer success. See, our competitor at the time, Wiker Reports, they you basically sign up and it would just be like, "Hey, figure it out." What we did is when somebody bought at Hyros instantly were turned over to a onetoone customer success manager who literally chased them around until they got set up and then looked at the results. I was even setting up people's accounts, a lot of accounts and I was doing reviews on people's results and then sending them the reviews. The first let's say 100 customers I helped them set up and then what I did is I looked at the results and I showed them the results they were getting because they didn't know how to read them. Okay? Then I trained my head of support, Peter, to go and do this. And he he trained other reps and everybody to do this. And we had the best customer support team and still do in the entire industry. The reason why Iris was very successful is because A, we reinvested. B, we went massive hard on customer success. Three, we constantly listen to the customer because the hardest hardest hardest challenge in all of tracking is getting people to set it up because it's complicated. You have to figure out where these little gaps in your businesses are and where the customer support gaps are and just be the best. Zapos grew to a billion-dollar company by being the best customer support in shoes. So, you should just go absolutely handboard on this. So, what you want to do is you want to find the best possible customer support lead you can or a lot of times what you're going to see is a lot of the customer support people you initially hire, you're going to find a few gems. For example, our head of customer support uh customer success or chief customer success, Peter, started as a base success uh success agent. Now, he has uh I believe almost seven figures in equity and hyros. He makes really really good money. If you're watching this, you're an employee. Don't think you can't make good money being an employee, too. Now, why do you do this? Why do you do this? Well, one, word of mouth. That's you want to grow through word of mouth. What a lot of people try and do when they're trying to build a business like mine is like, tell me the advertising strategy. I don't spend that much money on ads at high-risisk compared to other businesses. For example, at our info business, I was spending like 25,000 30,000 a day. At high-risisk, I spend like $2,000 a day and I I it's kind of tongue-in-cheek. Now, there's some reason for that because the market size and amount of customers and tracking isn't that big. It's a very big market moneywise, but there's really only 100,000 people in the world that buy media online. So, I can reach all of them with very little ad spend on Facebook, which is again something you want to figure out when you're looking at the market. Think about the ad size and who you can easily reach. That being said, what you want to grow through is word of mouth. At Hyru, 90% of our sales come from other people suggesting Hyros or telling their friends about it. That's number one. That's how you want to grow. Once you start doing that, it snowballs and then you don't even have to run ads. Like, have you ever seen an ad for Zapier or Slack? No. Okay, that's number one. But two is they give you the most lethal form of advertising on planet Earth, which is testimonials. So, our pattern was we'd bring people on board, we'd be absolute animals with getting them set up, and we still are to this day. Like, you come on Hyru, you're tracked like a rabid beast in the jungle. you like get a tag and we know everything you're doing, all your behavior, whether it looks like you're going to churn or not, whether you're using the software, whether you're not, where you're getting caught up at, what you're looking at. We know everything about you. And customer support agents are going to chase you down and threaten you with love if you don't uh complete certain tasks. And they're going to make sure you complete that because customer success is very important. But the process that we add on top of that is after we got people set up, after we were maniacal about getting them set up, what we then did is we went for a testimonial. It's part of the completion process of this. So you get people on, you get them the you get them on board with your product. You get them using it. You get them the result and you go for a testimonial. Then you can actually ask for referrals too and give people affiliate links which is another great strategy. But the testimonials are the main thing because what do you do with these testimonials? This is where you scale the business. Number eight, a lot of people are like, Alex, what do you put in your advertising? How do you get people from your ads to convert? And so people try like they look at old scripts and they like look at my landing pages and stuff. No, no. I just blare through a megaphone results. Like, hey, it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. We guarantee it. You have 90 days. If you don't see this result, you don't pay for it. You don't need a good advertising pitch when you have that. Like, hey, here's a thousand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] results of what you want to do. And if you don't get that result, you don't pay for it. Come try it. That's the best advertising on planet Earth. And so, what you do with these results is two things. You run advertising on Facebook and YouTube advertising [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you see any of my ads, I've been running like the same ads for like 5 years now. It's me at a desk being like, "Hey, do you want to make more money from your ads? Hey, here's like 5,000 results. Hey, you can pace us on your site and you'll make more today. Here's 5,000 more results proving it. Come, you don't have to pay for it if you don't get results." That's the ad. So, what happens at that point is one, you're going to start getting a lot of customers curious about it. And if you can deliver those results, it's going to flywheel. You're going to have customers that come on, they're happy, they tell your friends, and it just flywheels. So your ads, every customer you get generates two to three more customers. But here's where it gets really fun and sassy. What you then do is you have enough credit and street cred and results to go to big influencers and major businesses and say, "Hey, here's all these results. If you come on board, I'll let you use the product for free. We'll get you these results and if you like it, you give us a testimonial and uh maybe you pay us for in like a year." So, I was able to go to all these big businesses like Tony Robbins and Playboy and, uh, Bodybuilding.com. And we just, if you look at our site, we have basically every influencer, um, countless businesses that run CallFunnels and stuff, really large e-commerce companies. And so we do is we go to all those companies and we just say, "Hey, use it for free, you like it, get results, maybe leave us a testimonial, and then we can talk about you paying us in like a year." All those businesses just now pay us, but in the beginning, we just didn't charge them. We got them on board. We got the testimonials from them and then guess what we do with those testimonials? We advertise them. This process right here, if you repeat this flywheel, you can see that we built a product that is perfect for the customer that they love, that they get involved with, that they get a result from. Then we advertise that result and the flywheel just keeps getting bigger and bigger because every customer we add on starts adding more and more customers and then we add big customers and that adds more and more customers. And this point it's we're really not doing anything different all the way up to 40 $50 million in revenue. You're literally just doing the same thing over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. And the fly will keep spinning. And it's just your job to keep evolving the business and improving the business as it grows. Which leads to our final steps which is guess what? I'm going to give you more than 10 steps here which is step nine. And this sounds funny because this is where people sort of get lost. Their business grows and what they do is they forget about their first core 10 customers and they start trying to chase competitors. This is really easy to do. So, you might see a lot of businesses that start off really well and then they start adding all these crazy features and everything that that doesn't really make sense. Um, I'm sure you've seen those like software companies or they start adding all these additional products and stuff just like try and make more money. No, no, no, no, no. If your if your market's big enough, you go back to those 10 customers and those are or you should have 100 200 customers that absolutely love you and you just get them all together. You give them rewards for giving you feedback. For example, we have like a private group with our best customers and we give them all sorts of benefits or access to data or little discounts here and there, prizes, little metal rabbins, shirts, anything. You know, if they want a hand job, they can't get hand jobs. This isn't that type of business that's illegal in the United States. But anything short of a hand job, you got it. Maybe a little slap in the bun. Whatever they're into, it's going to be on Twitter now. Alex gives sexual favors for testimonials. Blur out there. People love to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Apparently, my humbleness has been triggering people recently on the internet. Anywh who, you go back to these customers and you do what made them happy and you just keep doing it better. So, one thing we did at Hyris that was a mistake at first is we kept adding like new features and new stuff when really 90% of our customers come on and they want to see their tracking working 100% of the time and they want to see it in the Facebook ad manager. For example, if you look the Facebook ad manager, we put our tracking right there and that's like the feature that everybody loves. And so, I think about what features are people using the most and what are they obsessed with and I talk to them and say, "What can we do better?" Then you just make those features better. For example, if you've ever used Slack, you've used the base features of Slack. Think about Discord, Telegram, um any any products you use every single day on your phone, Uber. What do you use any of those products for? How do you use them? You probably use like one or two features over and over and over again. And if those features are clunky, you get upset. If those features are working smoothly, you don't use anything else. So, what you do with any product you have is you focus on the things that people love and you make them 10 times better. That's that's what you just do. And you can do that all the way to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moon. Just do that. Just do it over and over again. I don't have anything else to add to that. keep focusing on your customers and keep expanding into your niche and do what you do better. It'd be so easy for us to chase Triple Oil, for example, and their analytics dashboards and the things they're doing in e-commerce. We're not going to do that. That's not our company. That's not what our customers love. It could be so easy for us to go deeply analytical like Northbeam and make some big giant complicated enterprise analytic system. I don't know what they're doing really over there. That's just what the vibe I get from Bren. We're not doing that. I don't go log into their dashboards and look. I look at what my customers want and I talk to them every single day and I just build that. If you go look at go high level, Sean Clark literally how he made that a billion dollar company is he focused on agencies. Agencies love them and he just kept talking to them and building features that the agencies wanted and just asking them every day what they wanted. They give him feedback, complaint, and he build around it. Go High Level is a billion-dollar company right now and it's just you probably never even heard of Sean Clark. And he just did that over and over again. The final step I'm going to give you is at this point if you've done this you're making you're making $10 million in income or you have a multiple eight figureure company and I've done my job and your company's worth $100 million and then at that point once you've made a $100 million company company come on over to Hyros try out air our new AI product try our tracking it's just going to make even more money okay I think I've earned your business at that point once you've made $100 million from this video but the last thing I'm going to give you is just a little piece of advice of going forward is the way software and tech and any products are moving doing right now is is extremely competitive. And so what you need to do for your customers and the last thing you need to take away as you grow and scale forward is you need to keep reinventing yourself and earning your customers every single year. What a lot of businesses do and the way they get beaten and the way I beat a lot of my early competitors is they didn't keep earning their customers. They made something that they liked at first and they just let it sit and then they just started making money from it. No, no, no, no, no. You need to go and keep making something. Uh one doubling down on your first customers, but then also thinking like what's the future? Where is this industry going to be in six months or year? For example, at Hyros, I think in the future, every customer on your website or every customer that comes to your website is going to have a onetoone interaction. I think that's the future of marketing. There's no longer going to be email blast. There's no longer going to be mass templates sent out. Um, we're not going to have reps contacting people with lack of information and we're and we're not going to have a world where people come to websites and they just don't have experience that's not custom suited to them. So where I think the future of marketing going is every single visit to a website is going to be a unique experience where the person is reached out to based on everything about them. Every message to them is going to be custom fit. The page is going to be custom fit to them. The emails they're going to respond be custom fit from and the responses and speed of which they're able to communicate and figure out about the business is going to be instant through AI. I think that's the future of marketing. And so that's where I'm moving Hyros to on top of focusing down on our core product. So look, the last advice I gave was focus on the cores and what your initial customers want. Yes, what customers want at Hyros is the ability to press a button and make more money. You have to figure out what people want at your business. I'm going to tell you if you have a B2B product, that's really what people want. They want to press a button, do nothing, and make more money. That's what B2B is. You're selling money. You're selling $250 for $50. That's all you're doing. If you have a product in ecom or anything else, what people want is results without effort. Okay? They want that big pain salt with as little effort as possible. So you keep doubling down on that and I told you keep doubling down on that but you also have to think where is this industry going. Now e-commerce always evolves through different angles. So for example you always see like a hot new skincare product or what's what's happened in e-commerce was it got taken over by influencers really and so a lot of businesses that saw that influencer trend coming were able to go and take their business to the moon by those different angles and niches. So that's kind of what I would suggest in e-commerce. Like think of how the marketing is going to be different. Think of how you can separate your product from the others and gain that edge. For example, if you look at liquid death, they envision a new way to sell water. If you look at Kylie Jenner's original company where she made all that money off skincare, she envisioned a new way to sell skincare. So there you go. Now in tech and B2B, you have to think about where the industry is going to be in two years. And then what you do is you build a product for where it's going to be in two years. Okay? So if you look at some of the best AI companies right now, they started building the AI products before the market was ready for the products and then before chat GPT and the AI was actually capable of providing the results for the product. They waited a year, year and a half for chat GBT and the AI to catch up and the market to understand it and then their product clicked there. For example, there's a legal uh company I forgot what it was called that recently sold I think for 600 million or 1.2. It's either one of those numbers. 600 million between what's the difference, you know, it's only a gap. But they were able to go and get that because when Chat GBT first launched and like people were like kind of poking at it, nobody really knew what it was. They were building a legal or basically a junior legal aid or whatever out of the software where you could go search cases and do all the things like that. And it didn't really work at first, but about a year after they started building it, chat GPT caught up and evolved. technology did and then it clicked and they were able to go and build this legal thing where lawyers were like, "Holy crap, this replaces all of our aids. Um, we don't have to have the lower level lawyers at the company anymore and it was able to replace overnight." Boom. Shot up to a $600 million exit in like a year. So, those are pretty good results. And that's how you want to think about your business and moving it forward. That's what I'm doing at Hyris right now. And this kind of this step-by-step process I just gave you takes you to where we are currently right now with the company. If you enjoy this video, subscribe. I'm going to be giving my subscribers tons of free stuff in the future. If you're not a subscriber, I hate you and I don't want anything to do with you and you will get nothing. Also, follow me on Instagram at Formbecker because I'm releasing all sorts of content and stuff there now, too. Uh, it would be really cool and I'm really bad at Instagram marketing. So, if you could just pity me and give me follows there, I'd really appreciate it. So, that's all I have in this video. And if you're looking at how to get better at business and improve your ability to do business, here's a video on how to get really good at business very quickly and make a lot of money if you're a complete beginner or even no vice. It shows why you're not making the money you want on top of just not following these steps. This is a really, really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video and it will be very helpful for you. I'm really proud of it. You should watch after this video.

================================================================================
TITLE: It SUCKS... But It Makes $1M/Year EASY (Step-by-Step)
VIDEO ID: gwWnpxSjbqA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwWnpxSjbqA
================================================================================

No, you sour, skeptical little To tell this video is not clickbait. I know what you're thinking. You're sitting there thinking, "There's no possible way this extremely handsome jacked man could show me how to go from zero to seven figures a year in a single YouTube video." But that's exactly what I'm about to do. Prepare to have your mental butthole blown wide open by this video because I see you there. All fat 5'2 short incelike nasty neck beard raging on thinking there's no possible way this could happen. But that's what we're going to do in this video. We're going to be devoting all that time, energy, and money you've been devoting to your World of Warcraft account and your crippling virginity. And we're going to reroute that into the specific business models and tactics I'm going to show you in this video. You won't even have to leave your house, and you certainly won't have to talk to a girl. Just take a deep breath. You won't even have to interact with other humans. And you'll still have plenty of time for your AI henti waifu. This this business model, this video, this is for you. I'm telling you, I'm selling it pretty hard here. You better listen because like I've said already, I'm going to be showing you how to go from zero complete loser to a million dollars per year. And if you're still a little bit skeptical, I have good news for you. Unlike every other business advice YouTuber who makes all their money giving business advice, I've actually done this. I've built multiple seven eight figure and I currently have a ninef figureure company valued about 150 to $200 million. In short, I know what the I'm doing and I'm going to convey that to you. And the benefit to you of me already being so rich is I don't have to sell you a course either. I know you come to these videos and people are like, "Let me show you how to start a business and make a lot of money." I'm going to show you my super secret technique. All you have to do is give me $4.97 for my life transformation consulting accelerator degree xxx diaper boy program. No, no, I'm not even going to do that. I'm just going to tell you I don't need your money. Put your wallet away and frankly go look in the mirror. Look, look at that form. I don't want to deal with that. I don't want responsibility for that. The second you give me money, I have to I have to deal with you. I don't want that. So, I'm just going to give you this information and you can go and apply it. Sound good? Okay, let's get started. So, look, I'm sure you're looking for specifics here and I'm going to give you specifics. I'm not going to be vague here. I'm going to be very direct and straightforward with exactly what you need to do. This is not some mental rehab your life video where people give you a bunch of general business practices. I'm going to be specific as I'm going to tell you exactly what buttons to press. And so, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show you the exact business model or models you should pick and I'm going to show you exactly how to take these to seven figures. Now, this is going to be a little bit of Keem Wasabi Karate Kid wash on wash off because I'm going to mind you a little bit to trick you into being successful because what you're actually missing right here. And please pay attention to this part. This is the mental warm-up part. We will get to the business tactics and the exact things you need to do. I will show you how to apply the lube and I will show you how to rub out this business nice and easy. Though, I'm pretty sure a lot of you guys are already pretty good at that as your hentai AI waifuss firmly firmly know. But look, I'm not going to brag here because I'm extremely humble. You all guys know this. I'm the number one humblest business advice guy on YouTube, six years running. We're not going to risk that reward. Graham Stevens been trying to get it from me for years, but he just can't do it cuz he's not as humble as me. Graham, I know you're watching these videos. I know you're very jealous. It's not going to happen. But why is it easy for me to make a sevenfigure business? Well, it's really easy for me to make a sevenfigure business because, let me look at my notes right here because I'm too stupid to remember these things. But I can sell. I can write copy. I can recognize markets. and I can recognize products that will fit into them that people will buy. I can build those products and I can hire people to support it and then I can market the ever living out of them because of those skill sets right there. It's really easy for me to make money at least seven figures a year. It's not a problem. So truly what you actually want if you want to make seven figures a year or any amount of money is you want to acquire skills like that or those specific skills exactly in general. That's what you need to make seven figures a year. A lot of people think, oh, you got to discover some brilliant idea or some genius secret. No, you just have to be good at those things. If you were good at those things, you can make money. And the reason I am good at those things is because I've been doing this for 15 years. I've been doing this for a very long time. So, I'm very good at those things. It's like if you were to ask someone, you know, how how do you play guitar? How do you get gigs as a musician? You sit down and you play a ton of guitar. Then you're pretty good at guitar. And then when someone's like, "Hey, learn how to play this song." You're like, "Okay." And you can just do the like you know how to do it. That is what you truly actually need here. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a blueprint, a business model system that actually gets you those skills. Because what you need to do to actually obtain those skills is you need to do it. For example, if I was trying to teach you how to do jiu-jitsu, I can give you 15 books on jiu-jitsu and every YouTube video on planet Earth. You can watch every podcast about Gordon Ryan. You can learn exactly how a armbar works, the positioning of the spine, every single guard technique to be super secret. The second you get on the match, you're going to get beat up by a penguin. just a small baby wee lad of a penguin because you don't know what you're actually doing. What you have to actually do is go do it. And so what I'm going to do in this video is a strategy I'm going to give you is going to get you all these skills by the time you're done with it and you will make money at the same time. So it's just a total total win-win. You're going to make money. You're going to get an extremely straightforward process and I'm going to mind you at the same time and not call you back and then you and your AI waifu can ride off into the sunset. So what do we want to do here? How do we get started? Okay, look. So, the first thing you're going to want to do is you're going to want to like and subscribe this video. Why? Not for me, but for you. I do plan to release some course or some training or something in the future. I'm not sure yet it on this channel, and that's going to go to every single one of my subscribers. If you're not subscribed, you. I'm not giving it to you for free. If you can't click a button, I'm not shooting videos for you. Number two, I'm releasing redhot content on this channel a little bit more regularly because at highway, we're releasing something very soon that is very mass market. So, I need a much broader audience to manipulate on YouTube. So, we're getting a little more little bit more wide here. So, subscribe. You'll get all that training in the future. It's very easy for me to scrape all my subscribers on here and deliver that just using a quick little AI. Everybody subscribed to me. So, look, here's the businesses and things you need to do. So, there's multiple levels to this. And in my opinion, I think if you really focus down, you could get to seven figures a year within a year to two years of doing this. Now, that's not me promising any result right here. And I'm not selling you anything. and I don't really actually care if you get a result or not. I'm not responsible for you. But in my opinion, I think it's very possible that because I did that and I was really really stupid when I got in the business. I didn't have half the freaking assets that you do. There was there was no information online about how to build a business. There was no one telling you how to build a business. Heck, you log on to YouTube right now, you have 15 people making millions of dollars a year explaining to make a business. Some of the best entrepreneurs on earth giving podcasts on how to start a business. You're really lucky. So, I think you should be able to do it faster because I'm a dumbass. So we have to look at the steps to doing this and the different levels of this. So first things first, what business model should we pick to do this? A lot of people look for specifics. You go on YouTube and people are like you should build an agency or you should make an e-commerce business or you should make an AI agent business and then what they do is they convince you about that business model why it's so good and then they sell you a course on it. The reason why people want you to pick some specific business model is because they they make money teaching you how to use that business model. In my opinion, I think any type of business model works, but I'm going to give you suggestions on what to look for. If you're a beginner, you want to find the business model that everybody else is doing. So, for example, if you look online right now, off the top of my head, I do SAS, I build software. I don't suggest that for a beginner at all. Though, I do suggest if you can go learn code, if you're in your 20s and you can learn code and then how to build apps with AI, you're going to have a considerable advantage here because then you can just build products for free. So, that is my suggestion right here. But I don't think most people are going to be able to do that cuz you guys are lazy and you suck. I don't even know how to code. I didn't even do that. So, I'm not going to give you that advice. But I do think that's hell of a good advice if you're much more higher IQ uh than the rest of us. But the business model you should go after is what everybody else is doing because you just know it works. And what we're trying to do is if you're trying to build a 10 million, 20 million, $50 million per year business, uh, like I'm doing, you really need to find something unique and you have to really understand the product and market fit and how to find a very unique place in the market. If you're trying to make a million dollars per year, you can do what everybody else is doing. You just have to do it a little bit more competently and you can find your piece of the pie. So, what I would suggest off the top of my head is there's a bunch of different business models that do work. And yes, those people talking about them on YouTube usually, even though they're trying to sell you a course, they do have a point. So, off the top of my head, I would do drop shipping or an e-commerce store. I would sell services to businesses as an agency or I would sell information products or I would actually sell services or time to agencies themselves. That's where you're going to get started at. When I f first started my business, what I did, and everybody was doing back then, was SEO. I don't really suggest SEO right now because it's confusing as I'm pretty sure there's some new type of SEO coming with AI uh and how chat GPT works optimizing those but I don't understand this right now and I wouldn't suggest you do that but the way I got started was I did SEO for local businesses and then what I started doing is then masselling those services and then I started actually selling outsourcing of SEO services to agencies and this actually covers three different levels I'm about to go through and this actually took me to seven figures a year that process right now. So step one, what you want to do is you want to pick a business model that everybody else is doing because you just know it works. Okay? We don't have to be the best in the world at it to make seven figures. You don't have to be that good at all. It's pretty low level. I know that seems crazy to say to some people right here, but making about $80,000 a month, you it might seem insurmountable to some people, but I I make millions and millions of dollars a month right now. And back in the day, I thought making even $5,000 a month would been remarkable. So your skew and your view on money, it it just it scales. Okay. So, what I would do is I'm going to use a business model right now as an example that I think is similar to how SEO was back then. I think building AI agents for businesses is a very open new business model for beginner entrepreneurs. I think it's very similar to SEO back then. So, I'm going to compare my SEO journey and kind of the context of AI agents right now. So, bear with me. So, I would pick a business model that everybody else is doing. I would say AI agents. There's a lot of ways you can go with this. It's a brand new market and so there's going to be a lot of opportunities. But I also think if you like drop shipping or e-commerce, I think if you like good old traditional running ads for businesses, I think that's just fine, too. But what step one is truly is it doesn't matter the business model. What you're actually doing is you're selling your time. Okay? And so what you have to learn how to do is obtain some skill set that makes other people money or improves their business. Website design in my case right there, SEO services. And then you just need to find a way to sell this to people. Now, how do you sell this to people? There's a few various ways you can use outsourcing sites like for example Fiverr, Upwork, whatever. And what you're doing at this point in time is you're not really running a business. You're basically being a contractor. You're going to do manual labor for businesses. And that's your business. You're essentially a plumber. Okay? This is step one. And so, for example, what I did is I went on sites like Upwork. I went on sites like Fiverr. And I went on and called local businesses. I did the whole spiel. And so what I learned how to do was SEO. So you're probably asking, "How do you learn how to build AI agents? How do you learn how to do SEO?" You go do it. There is I I I don't understand when people I'm going to get a little bit feisty and spicy right here, but I'm going to be firm with you because I hate this virgin cuckled beta question like, "How do I learn how to do something?" You When I first got started learning how to do SEO, I had to like go and compile. It was like Indiana Jones digging through tombs looking for like sacred scrolls. I had to go through all these dirty ass forums like Warform and Blackout World, the absolute cesspool of the earth and like piece together the two people on the forums that weren't lying. They were actually giving like actual trainable information on how to do SEO and to combine blogs like you remember when people had to actually read and put effort into like their content and actually digesting content. I had to do that So I had to go find blogs and find out who wasn't bullshitting and piece together like 50 different texts on how to do SEO. And then I went and actually just did it and I tried and I tried and I tried for a couple months and eventually I got something to actually rank in Google. That was hard to do. You literally get on Google right now or YouTube or ask chat GPT. It will tell you how to build AI agents, how to do SEO. You'll get probably not the most cutting of cutting cutting edge, but the good enough edge to make money with right now. So just go load uping YouTube, look at what's happening, look at what people are saying and the training that's being given there and just learn to do it. There's like I can type in AI agents for small businesses and there's literally like 5,000 video videos right now from everybody and their dog. Like you have it so easy. Just go watch these videos and then do it. And if and here's the thing. Here's the thing. If it comes out bad and you're like not good at it at first and you're kind of afraid like what you're going to sell sucks, good. Good. If you were learning jiu-jitsu and you went on the mats and you get your first sparring session, do you think you're going to be able to choke somebody? Do you think you're going to be able to do anything remotely that resembles a trained fighter? If you pick up a guitar for the first time and you're two months into it, do you think you're going to be able to play in a band? Do you think you're gonna like go on stage in front of your friends in rooms like no, you're going to look like a and that's fine cuz that's the goal. The reason why a lot of people don't make money is they don't want to look like a But guess what? Being broke your entire life looks a whole loting worse than being a for a few months, doesn't it? So, if you're like afraid that your first shot at this probably isn't going to work and it's going to be messy and like a little bit cringe, good. Go watch my first videos. Go load up whoever you look up to on YouTube. Alex Ramozi, Graham Stefen, whoever you think is cool in business, go look up their first stuff. It's all embarrassing and terrible. If you don't want to be if you if you want to keep in your cool zone and be like the cool broke guy, but he's like cool, fine, do it. Or you can just be the guy who's cringe for a few months or a few years or few decades in my case and then finally just make a ton of money and then you can be as cringe as you want on a yacht in Monaco and no one's going to say about it because you beat everyone. That's that's what you want to be. Okay, so this is how you're going to get there. And when you first try to do this stuff, it's not going to work. It's not going to look cool. And if you start some AI agent business, I guarantee you probably first two, three, four months, it it's not really going to work. You're not going to sell It's going to be a mess. But then after four months, just like a person who gets on the mats in jiu-jitsu, you're going to get your ass kicked for four months. But after four months, you're going to get on the mats with someone who just hopped into it. And you're going to be able to smack them around and roam around all over the place. And you'll be able to beat up an untrained fighter, aka do the just the basic the basics of basics in business. You're going to have to suffer a little bit to get there. And if you don't want to suffer, that's fine. Go suffer for the rest of your life. Get the off my channel. I'm not here to coddle you or make you seem like there's some law of attraction or some nice world that's out there looking for you. And there's a way to do this with while being comfortable entire time. your comfort. I don't care if you're uncomfortable. If you don't if you can't accept losing just a little bit, you're a dork and I don't like you and you're not cut out to do this. So, go away. All right. So, where you want to start at right here is essentially selling your time. Now, the caveat to this is there are some businesses like dropshipping that uh you can do and you can start with this that don't require you selling the businesses or this type of model right here. I didn't get started doing that, so I can't give you the best advice on it. I don't think drop shipping and e-commerce is the best way to start. It is a good way to start. I don't think it's the best way to start because it usually requires you connecting a lot of dots like shipping stuff in from businesses, upfront cost, running ads. There's nothing inherently wrong with this. You can get started very very cheaply in e-commerce. It's just kind of a different skill set. And I think I think selling your time as like a plumber, not doing actually plumbing, but like selling your actual time, doing services for businesses is way more approachable because you're going to learn the basics of business, which is basic services. Providing a service, providing something to a business of some kind or an individual or whatever. And you're going to learn how to sell it. and you're going to learn basic things like how to make a basic website, present yourself, etc. I think this builds the ground core, but if you want to go for e-commerce or drop shipping or something a little bit more like that, I'm not telling you not to. You're just going to learn the ground basics by doing something very, very simple. So, this is all you're going to do. I would suggest going to an outsourcing site, Fiverr or whatever, and get cold calling businesses and then posting your ads everywhere and applying to like work and do contracting work everywhere you can online. Where do you go do all these things? Where are the links to those sites? Go figure it out. I've already given you most of the puzzle. I'm giving you the actual blueprint right here. Now, step two, what we're going to want to do at this time is let's imagine you get your business off the ground. So, when I got my business off the ground a little bit, I was doing AI for I mean SEO for local businesses. So, when I was doing this or step two, what happened is eventually after a few months, I was really maxed out with the amount of businesses I could provide services to because after like five, six SEO clients, um you're really not doing so. It's It's just hard. And you're probably making about maybe 5,000 6,000 a month or something at this point. You're not making a lot of money, but you're actually making close to a full-time income doing this. Now, a bonus tip right here is a lot of you guys probably have jobs. That's fine. Uh I built almost I got to back then about $200,000 a year before I quit my job. And $200,000 a year back in like 2017, however long I've been doing this, longer than that. Like 2013. Jesus, I'm old. Um, that was a lot of money back then. So, that's probably close to like $300 $400,000 a year right now. Anyways, you can do this while having a job. You just get home from work and you work on your business and on the weekend you work on your business. And when you're at work, if you have access to a computer, you don't do your job and you just work on your business as well. So, if you can afford to pull that off, I worked at a marketing agency and so I was able to get all my marketing stuff done. And to that marketing agency, if someone's watching this, I actually did my job. I promise I was just so damn good at it. It didn't take me the entire workday to do it. Okay. So, look, once you have the ability to do this, you can actually do two things. One thing I'd actually suggest if you're working a normal job you don't like right now, you can use the new skill set you've learned, let's say building AI agents for businesses to get a job somewhere else. And so, you can build AI agents at your workday job and then you can actually go home and build them for other businesses and do that. Well, I've seen so many people do that exact pattern. That's what I did. I got a job. I need to share up my income a little bit more. So, I got a full-time job at a marketing agency. And then I also did SEO for businesses and stuff on the side. And so this gave me a little bit of a safety net. You don't want to do any of this without a safety net either. People always think that you're going to have to like do some Steve Jobs in your garage thing. Look, you're not trying to become a billionaire, go all in. You're trying to like replace your your income right now. Okay? So, slow down, Kenosabi. Like, you don't need to go and bet the farm on some crazy business idea right now. We're not building Airbnb. But what we're gonna do is as soon as our time starts to get maxed out, okay, if you're working a job, first thing you want to do is max out your time and then quit your job. So you can go full-time into on your business and then scale that up to replace your job income. So let's imagine your job's paying you 5K a month and you get to 5K a month in your business. What you're going to do is quit your job then and get to 10K a month and then use that spare time right there. And what you're usually going to see when you quit your job is by going and focusing all your time on your business, you're usually going to see your business really start to pop off right then because you're just putting in more hours. And more hours in this instance equals more money. But what's going to happen eventually is you're going to get capped off at like 10K or whatever amount of month uh that your clients start to max out something. Let's say you're making AI agents and you just you're getting maxed out. What you're then going to do is you're going to separate yourself from the actual manual labor. And this is when you actually start to become a business owner. And so what you're going to do is you're going to hire other people to build your AI agents. So what I was doing with my SEO business is I was essentially doing all the work and I thought, okay, um I can't sell any more of this. So I got friends that I used to know or people that I could find on the internet and I taught them how to do SEO and then I had them provide the SEO services and all I focused on was selling. And so what you're doing in any business really is you shouldn't be the product or the person doing the labor. That's step one. You're a plumber at that point. You're like a contractor. You want to remove yourself from the contractor and you want to sell contractors. This is all the next level it is going to be. And then you're going to focus on selling. And so what are you going to learn at this point right now? You've learned how to make a product, sell a service, hire people, very basic, just one or two staff. And then what you're doing is you're learning how to fully sell a business. Now, at this point, you're going to keep grinding it up until you're at 20 30k a month and things are starting to cap out because like it's just getting difficult to manage too many people or they're running the business or whatever. It's just it's just going to become greasy, right? Then, now there's two ways you can you can take this. You can go and actually just scale this. you can target bigger clients and you can just improve the business service and you can hire better people and you can take a AI agent business and just target better businesses and just at this point you're really going to need to just improve the business so that you're selling something that's super high quality and really automate the entire process with systems. So step three is going to mostly be systems and optimizing the hell out of all these points. The selling, the hiring, the product, the delivering of the service or whatever you're selling. Okay, that's what step three is going to be. It's just taking this and doubling down on it. Now, at this point, it's all going to be about leads and amount of traffic coming in. So, I said three steps, but I make up these videos as I go. I don't write a script because professionality, not on this channel. Step four is going to be the part where we get to a million dollars a year. So, at this point, you've really like you've made a pretty good business. You have stuff selling. You have people running it for you. You've professionalized it. You've systemized it. You have patterns that you clearly follow to build the product, deliver the service, get people in, and sell it. You're doing the same thing over and over again. It works. Now, all there is to do is marketing. Okay? So, we haven't even done much marketing. Right now, our marketing has been us picking up the phone and applying on websites for services and running a Fiverr account. Okay? So, at this point, what we're going to do is we're going to start running ads. This is the big scary part. But if you can run paid advertising online and then convert paid traffic, you have the keys to the castle. You will never fail to make a lot of money ever. It is the epidome of making $1 million to $5 million per year. Okay? After you get past $5 million a year, ads actually become a diminishing return because it's one of the worst ways to actually grow a business. At that point, you have to make something special. we have to build a special product or ads are going to be this thing that uh cap out and then actually destroy the business because you're marketing a turd. But we're not at that point right now. You your business right now, I'm going to tell you it's kind of a turd. If you're if you're just at this point right now and you're under $5 million a year and you're getting stuck there, your business sucks. You're a low-level business owner. That's fine. You're still making more money than like everybody else just in the totem pool. If we're playing in a game of if business is like the NFL, you're in like the the dumpster league of college football right now, that's fine. That's still a pretty good football player, just not compared to Tom Brady. All right, but seriously, what we want to focus on this point is buying advertising, whether this is from Facebook and Google ads or, you know, paying influencers to market our our stuff or just general just paying for traffic to come in. And then what you're going to learn when you start running ads is that you suck at running ads and it loses a lot of money and you're really upset about it. But then what you're going to finally learn because you hate losing money is how to copyright and sell via the interwebs. You're going to learn how to make good ad copy, good creative, how to make good landing pages that convert people and how to build funnels and call systems to get people into your business or whatever marketing channel you want to do. Webinars, longridden sales pages, I don't care. Okay? You can go look at my business like highro.com. You can see all the sales pages and everything I've written in there. But I've written hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of sales pages and webinar presentations and sales videos. And how do you think I learned how to do that? By doing this. And it never didn't really work at first. But once it did, I followed this process over and over again. I made multiple seven and eight figure businesses doing it. You can get well past seven figures a year just with this skill set right here. You can get to five, eight figures. It's going to be a hard eight figures, but you can do it. And so what you then do is you start sending people into this funnel that then sells them a product, gets them to the people that you're managing and sells the service. Now, at this point, you really are doing you're really at the point of becoming a fantastic entrepreneur. If you just want to hang out with your kids and masturbate all day and hang out with your AI waifu, that's fine. You can do that, too. But at this point right here, you have everything you need to make seven figures a year. Like the getting to step three right here will get you to 20 30k a month. Okay? Being able to generate unlimited traffic to your business on command once you can convert it will get you to 70 80,000 a month. You're just taking this initial model right here and doing more of this. Now, if you want to really make a lot of money, this is where you learn how to actually make the product. You want to invent something. I've seen a lot of people take agencies to multiple 8 figure something. I don't like the agency business model past a certain point because I think it's just hard to scale and it's just obnoxious. I I want something that I can send people to endlessly and scale it and the delivery of it doesn't change too much, which is why I do software. The same thing can also be done with drop shipping. But let's back up, Kenosabi. Where are you right now? You know how to build a business, how to hire people, how to sell, you know, how to generate business with that, and how to do the sales process through this this evolving step three right here. And now you understand how to generate unlimited traffic. You can do basically whatever the you want at this point. You don't have to do this model. you have everything you need to build a very very lethal business. So at this point, what I would suggest is I would suggest actually getting back into e-commerce or building your own software or uh custom services or taking this agency model right here to the super duper next level. So for example, what I did in SEO is once I got to this level where I was selling the services and outsourcing, I made a really really lethal outsourcing business where it was completely automated. So like a person would come to a website, they'd sign up for it. We do these big launches and I had a staff automatically doing it to make it more streamlined. So one thing you can do to get to the next level is just streamline the hell of it. You you stop making like the one-on-one agency system or something that's slow and manual and you automate it. So people just come to the website, they'd fill out some forms and the thing got automated and done for them. That's one place you can take it. The other place you can take it is actually start making the products and services that the agencies or other businesses are using. This could be soft uh software or SAS. It can also be making training. Okay, you can show people and train people on what you did. For example, uh I believe I gazi, he made agencies or something. People have mixed opinions on the guy, but let's just look at the models below it. He made agencies that made him money and then he made millions and millions of dollars selling courses on how to make agencies. So, you can sell training, you can sell coaching, you can sell anything on top of that doing that. I I think the info model is really really great for getting like to$1 to $10 million a year. I don't like it to get to where I'm at right now, but I think it's great for generating cash flow. And then when we have a video on how to get to 10 million plus a year, I'll talk a little bit more about that. Uh you can actually go and jump back into e-commerce and actually massproduce the products and every you you really have everything you need now to build a business. You have cash flow, you have the marketing skills, you have the sales skills. And that was really my goal in this video. If you do everything in this video, everything I talked about, I know I didn't give you exact super duper specifics like say this on the phone, do this thing right here. I'm going to get my video prop. You can also make YouTube videos very badly like I do. That that can work as well. What way is this doing? But like I said before, everything I showed you in this video is what you need to get to seven figures here. I didn't give you exact specifics like what to say on the phone, what to do this, the exact way to sell the service, exact thing to build, cuz you can figure that the out. You need the path to follow. If you need someone to come in here and show you exactly what to write in your emails and you can't go in the chat GBT and ask what to say to people or like how to open a Fiverr account, then you don't really want this enough. So, I'm not really going to worry about you. Those of you that want follow that pattern that I just laid out right there and that will take you to seven figures a year. But what it's also going to do is give you that foundation as a business owner and entrepreneur to do pretty much anything you want to do. And then the world's your oyster because you know how to make a service, you know how to make a product, you know to hire people roughly, you know to build systems for them to follow to sell it, and then you know how to market it and get people there and then you're going to learn how to convert them. If you can do those things, you're really cooking with fire and it's really just pushing yourself harder to get to those higher levels. So that's the video. If you guys like this video, subscribe. I'm going to be releasing some private training or cool thing for free, but it's only going to my subscribers. So subscribe. And I'm also releasing a lot of content on Instagram now because, you know, I need to be cool on there, I guess. And I want to show you guys the food I'm eating at dinner. I know you really care about that. So, subscribe, follow me on Instagram, and I'll I'll see you next video. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Made $200 Million Abusing This 1 Rule (Kinda Regret It)
VIDEO ID: 7VzKIJbLOfk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VzKIJbLOfk
================================================================================

So, at the time of shooting this video, at least according to this article, my net worth is $170 million plus. Now, I think if you toll up my software companies and my portfolios, it's quite a bit higher than that. But that's not the point. This will serve the purpose of this video. And I'm not here to brag. As you can tell, I'm extremely humble. I've won most humble business advice guy on YouTube for 6 years straight. Not about to break that streak. So, we'll just use that number because, frankly, this video is about you and you getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich, which let's be straight. That's the goal here. You don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about me. So, let's focus on you. And what I want to give you is the number one lesson, the number one piece of advice I can give you in 10 minutes that will help you do just that consistently. And in fact, I wish id learned this a lot sooner and viewed it this way cuz I would have stopped [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up so much. See, the good news for you is I'm an absolute goddamn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm 37 years old. In the 15 years I've been in business, I have made this one little mistake. And if I just fix this one little thing, just focus on this one golden rule, I would have grown so much faster. In fact, I'd probably be a billionaire by now. Like I said, I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. I'm really dumb and it took me forever to learn this rule. So, if you can just take this one rule right now, no matter where you are, you are going to grow much faster than I did. And you're going to see everything you want coming a lot faster because this is the golden rule for everything. I wish I'd learned it sooner. I'm just going to give it to you now. And you should listen cuz this is probably going to cut like 5 years off your time to actually learn how to make a lot of money. And number one, I've actually done this. I'm not some business advice guy who's just on here teaching business advice because his business is business advice. And I also have no course to sell you or some law of attraction workbook that change your life now. I'm just a dude in his garage trying to help other dudes in their garages not be as stupid as me. So please listen up. Here is exactly how you get rich. Here's exactly how you make a lot of money. It's the same exact way as every other skill set out there. Let me explain. So here's the thing about money. It's deeply attached to people's egos and emotions. And because of this, they disconnect it from every other skill set out there. For example, if I taught you or wanted you to learn how to play guitar, how you get better at guitar is pretty damn simple. You pick up a guitar, you play it, as you improve, you increase the difficulty. But there's a lot of weird things that come with making money that make people not work in this way. What are these? The first is it's deeply connected to your view of yourself and your ego and how others view you, or at least how you think others view yourself, which is much more important to you than what they actually think. Nobody actually gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what other people think of them. They give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what they think other people think of them because that's how they view themselves. So if you think other people view you as a failure, then you view yourself as a failure. Most people don't think about you at all or care about anything going on in your life. So you really shouldn't care about what they think. That's a whole other video for a whole other time. On top of that, money and the making of money comes with one thing that most other skills don't. For example, if you're learning jiu-jitsu, you're learning guitar, you're playing a video game, there's one little nasty thing that comes with making money, and that's risk. And people don't like risk. It makes them very uncomfortable. So when you take these two things, the emotional connection that people have with their view of themsel and money and two risk, which is basically gambling with that view of yourself, people get very very uncomfortable with money and leveling up in money takes being more exposed to those levels of risk. Thus, people don't do it and they view it as a completely different thing. They view it as like something you have or you do not have. And this is why people get very resentful about it because they view it as some form of luck or some like thing that some people get and some people don't get. And the truth is, people just don't apply this damn rule I'm about to give you that you can apply to virtually every other skill set to get good at it, but they don't apply it to money. And so, here's what you need to understand and get past. Making money and getting good at making money is exactly like any other skill. You just have to identify the parts of it that result in higher net worth and growing net worth. Let me explain. So, look, making money intrinsically is no different than any other skill. For example, like playing guitar or jiu-jitsu. So, in the last 3 years, I've learned jiu-jitsu. I put in probably like 600 700 Matt hours, gone in my blue belt and in less than a year, which was pretty fast for most people. But again, I was doing it every single day for hours every single day. And I've also taught myself to play guitar. Now, I'm not going to say I'm world class at any of these. I have the athletic ability of a malnourished chimpanzee. And frankly, I think I've actually gotten pretty good at guitar, but that's not the point. The point is that I've witnessed myself getting better at things and been able to encapsulate it by comparing it to these things. So bear with me. I'm going to make those references like a thousand times in this video and talk about my adult bathrobe karate wrestling experience and so forth. But look, making money is just like these things. If I'm going into jiu-jitsu, for example, when you first do it, the most important thing with jiu-jitsu or any skill set whatsoever is you just go and get on the damn mat. That that's it. You just go and practice it. And then what you do as soon as you learn the basic moves, you get good at it, you start going and wrestling or fighting other people, whatever you want to call it, sparring with other people. and you then look at what you're doing badly and then you focus on doing it better and then you keep increasing the difficulty. So, for example, when you first start your wrestling or you're you're sparring against other white belts, as soon as you get to the point where you're doing pretty well against them, what you want to do is you want to go and up the difficulty and start sparring with other blue belts and then so on and so forth all the way up to black belt. Same exact thing plays to guitar. So, if you're going to play guitar, first thing you're gonna do is you're going to pick up the damn thing and you're gonna get going. And then what you're going to do with guitar, and trust me, again, this all ties back in the money. This is going to be the most impactful thing you ever learn. You just have to put up with my little speech here for a few more minutes and it will all make sense. So, if you're playing guitar, once again, the most important thing, you pick up the damn thing and you get going. Now, once you learn how to play your first song, maybe like Nirvana, uh, Teen Spirit, which everybody learns how to play first. You don't just keep playing that same song over and over again. You play something harder. You maybe learn a solo and you keep pushing and you keep pushing it. So, you go play a harder song and then you just, if you're like me, you just skip to try and play Van Halen and Polifia uh two weeks into it. That's really the best way to do it. But you skip to harder songs and then what you do once you're not good at those harder songs, you just do it over and over again until you're good at them. And then what you do when you get good at that is you go to play a harder song and you do harder techniques and you learn new things and you keep increasing the difficulty. This is common [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense. If you look at a skill encapsulating getting better at it, it's that simple. I know what you're thinking. Well, duh, of course, but this isn't like making money. No, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baboon. It's exactly the same thing. The reason why people are bad at making money and they view it differently is there's a bunch of really weird discomforts that come with starting it. So, I want to talk about making money all the way from getting started to maybe making your first $100,000 a year, $200, $300,000 a year. By the way, this applies to being an employee as well. You can get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loaded as an employee. I have employees at my company's net worth are approaching eight figures. So, don't think that you have to start a business. This isn't some channel where I'm like, "You got to start a business or your life sucks." That's just what people tell you so that you buy their courses. You can make so much money being a CTO or a COO or very talented salesperson. So, please, this applies to everything when it comes to making money. Now, the thing that comes with making money that separates it from these other skill sets that makes getting hard at it uh mysterious when it's not is because people have a bunch of doubts right here. And so what I'm going to talk about is not just getting started, but going from maybe being having a net worth of a million dollars to two, five, 10, 20, $100 million. Here's the journey and where people get caught up. Because a lot of people plateau. They get to a million dollar $2 million net worth and then they can't make any more money than that and they don't know why. This is why. So the main reason why people don't get started with making money is again those two things I talked about. There is risk and their personal view of themsel. If they go and get started and it doesn't work, other people will think that they're a failure. Thus, they will think they're a failure. Again, other people don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what you're doing. Nobody cares about you. Look at your daily thoughts. How many times have you thought about how well your friends or someone you know is doing in business other than comparing yourself to them? Probably very little because you're a self-centered little creature, which is fine. We all are. It's it's cool. But that's why people don't begin because they they have to risk that fragile little ego view of themsel. And then you have to constantly experience risk and leaving your comfort zone. So when you play guitar, you're playing a video game or even uh when you're doing jiu-jitsu or any other type of skill set out there, leaving your comfort zone isn't that hard. For example, if I'm playing Doom Eternal on my computer and I increase the the difficulty, the nightmare mode, and I die a whole bunch of times, I don't really hate myself for it. It's not that scary. So you can just go and keep trying over and over again without any problem. Guitar, you play a song wrong, that that's fine. You just pick it up and do it again the next day. It's not like Dobby from Harry Potter just poofs in, kicks you in the nuts, and pepper sprays you every time you mess up. No, there's no risk. But when you increase the difficulty in business, it's very uncomfortable because you have to go from a place where you're kind of comfortable or you're happy at a place where you're not and then have to put on this risk and this chance of hurting your poor little ego over and over and over again. So, it keeps capping people out. So, what happens when people start business? one, they never get started in the first place because of that initial little they don't start a business. They don't start improving their skill set. They don't start learning new things because again, they can't tolerate the risk and the threat to their ego. Then what happens even if they do get started, they start making money. Let's say they get to like $1 million a year in income or let's just say even like $500,000 a year. They go up here, they get to $500,000 a year and then they plateau. Why? Why does this happen? It's because it's like if you're going in a weight room. If you go in and you start doing bench press, your bench press is going to increase very quickly. But pretty soon, you're going to get to the point again where you have to start putting on weight that you struggle with and then you're weak all over again. But unlike in going to the gym, you already have seen a noticeable result that makes you attractive to the babes. In business, a lot of times for the first year or two, you don't start seeing muscle coming on. You don't start seeing results. And then to hop to another next muscle level or wealth level, you have to throw away that all over again and put yourself in the same beginner situation you were before, which everybody hates. Which is why when people get to a level like say 500k a year, a million dollars net worth or something like that, what happens is they plateau and then slowly decline. Because what happens is they get super comfortable right here. They get somewhat happy and then they they stop learning. they stop doing the thing I'm about to show you that helps you keep growing because again they have to take on risk and threaten their ego. So understand these two things. You have to understand them to realize why you're stopping yourself and you're not growing. Then once you understand these, you just have to simply ignore them. They're not important. It's irrelevant. They don't factor into any other skill. Why do they factor into this skill? And if you want to debate me on those things, again, back to point A and point B. You're just worried about what other people think about of you and you're worried about leaving your comfort zone because you're kind of comfortable where you are. If you're making 200k a year at a job, 100k a year at a job, you don't want to risk that. But you have to because that's how you grow. So looking at this situation right here, what business is is a is a range of skills just like any other skill. What I think it mostly is is understanding how to take constructive risk and then how to identify things you need to get good at and work on them. Okay. So, there's a whole other range of things like managing and and or buying ads or uh building software. There's all sorts of little skill sets in business that you get better at. That's not the point right here. What you need to do first off if you're beginning is you just get started. What's the most important thing if you're learning jiu-jitsu? Get on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mat. What's the most important thing if you're playing guitar? Pick up the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guitar and play it every day for a few hours. What's the most important thing if you want to get good at a video game? I know a bunch of you neck beard 5 foot2 midgets who watch this channel. little incelss that live in your mom's basement. I know you're good at video games, so there's you apparently can get good at something. You probably beaten some video games or gone to a very high level at that. So, you like every other being on Earth is capable of getting good at something. It's just you're not doing it here. What's the most important thing in the game going at a video game? You play the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game. So, if you want to get rich, first thing you need to do is just get on the damn mats. You need to get on the court and you need to start playing as much as you can because what then happens? You start developing skills and interest naturally. As you start playing guitar, you're going to start learning music you like to play. You're going to start trying to play that music, and you're going to start learning the skills that come with that music. For example, if you're playing a Nirvana song like Teen Spirit, you're going to get very good at muting, playing chunky bar chords, and playing extremely simple baboon level solos. You're going to learn how to move your fingers around, use all your fingers. All these skills will just naturally pop up. You don't have to sit down like, "Today I will learn how to m move my fingers and mute the" No, you just play the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] song and it will all come right there. Same thing with jiu-jitsu. You get on the mat, you start rolling around, you're not going to know anything. You're going to be super uncomfortable. If someone's going to be like putting in arm bars and choking you all the time, but you're gradually going to learn like, hey, I don't like being choked, so here's how I get out of this choke. Or when a person's on this position, this is how I should move my legs and position myself. It's just going to come. And so, this part is actually the easiest part. If you keep your finances extremely low, you can basically mitigate the number one thing that you're looking to avoid right here, which is risk, which is losing all your money. There's ways to start businesses and there's ways to get in the business and start learning things without taking much risk. You can start at a little Shopify e-commerce store. You can start selling contracting services. For example, when I first got started, I would sell little SEO services to businesses. Very simple skill to learn. And it just took me calling them on the phone, reaching out to them. Now, what happened when I was doing that? I learned the basics of learning SEO first off, but how to sell to people, how to manage customers, how to do billing systems, all the basic stuff. All those skills just naturally happen. And so if you're starting this, I want you to focus on this. It's not any different than any any other skill. You just start trying. Now, you don't need to go and take massive risk to start a Shopify store, to start selling the local businesses. Heck, even just become a sales rep at some company or whatever. It doesn't take much risk. You're not going to go bankrupt doing these things. So, just don't don't do that. Okay? So, you might you learn how to balance the risk first off. That's the most important skill set when you're getting started. Now, here comes the part that everybody messes up. You must always increase the difficulty. If you go to if you start learning jiu-jitsu and then you go and get on the mats and you learn the basics and then you only roll with beginners and you just start stomping these people over and over again, you're not going to get better. You're going to be very comfortable. No one's ever going to be choking you. You're always going to be winning and everyone's going to go, "Wow, he's the best weight belt in the gym. Oh my god." But you're never going to be able to beat up anybody that actually knows what they're doing. You're definitely never going to improve. If your goal is to sit at that level forever, congratulations. You're a low-level bathrobe adult karate expert. Congratulations. But we want to get to the point where we're actually really kicking some ass. And this is where people mess up. And this is where you're going to get stopped at. And it happens at various levels. People start making an extra 10,000 a year, 50,000 a year. At some point, you get comfortable. And what you need to do is the same exact thing you'll do in any other skill set. If you're playing guitar and you learn that Nirvana song, okay, you can you can play Teen Spirit. It's time to go and look at some harder music. Go find Van Halen or Metallica or something like that and start learning to play that as well. Go learn some jazz. I don't I don't know. Go learn how to play what what in the butt on guitar. The world's your oyster. Go nuts. You just need to keep improving the difficulty so that you're no longer comfortable. And that's the hard part because in every other skill set, leaving your comfort zone isn't that uncomfortable. In business, let's imagine you just got to 100k a year in business or whatever skill set you're learning and improving at, you now have to risk that money that you just made, which is giving you comfortability. And you have to risk your new fragile ego, which is that of a semisuccessful person to get to the next level. This is where people mess up and this is where I messed up. For example, when I first got to my first $2 million a year, this allowed me to essentially buy everything I wanted. I moved into a mansion. I got a a Lamborghini. That one was orange back then. And I plateaued for like 5 years. Why? Because I was super duper comfortable. And I kept doing the same exact business types and business strategies and and risk levels that I'd been doing for those 5 years. And I just didn't grow. I didn't grow at all. And I got stuck there. And I didn't understand why. And this is why. Because what you must then do again is you must stack more risk and you must up the level of challenge of the work you're doing. For example, at that point in time, I knew how to sell SEO to businesses. I knew how to launch SEO softwares and and little info procs for them, but I didn't know how to run advertising. I didn't know how to build really highlevel software. I didn't know how to build high investment software. I didn't know how to raise money. I didn't know how to build an executive site. But I didn't do any of those things because I liked making $2 million a year. I liked being semi- rich. I enjoyed it. And I thought to myself, compared to all my friends and people that I know in my general vicinity, I'm very, very successful. But compared to people that actually bust their butt and people that are actually on the court trying to win here, that's not any level of success in business. At least for me. I currently make more in a month than I used to in a year. Actually double that some months if we're looking at everything I'm doing altogether. But I didn't get to that point where I was doing that for a very long time because I got cozy and I stopped putting more weight on the bench press. And so if you're plateauing right now, what you need to do is you need to look at what you're doing. Are you doing the same thing over and over again? Are you taking more risk? If you're not growing, that is why because what business is in a nutshell is again taking risk and doing bigger, harder levels of work. So the second you feel yourself getting to a point where you're competent in business, competent any type of making money, you must go and expand it. So a really good example of this is like say you start off on Fiverr, all right? and you're just selling like graphic design services. Okay, so you start off on Fiverr, then you start selling graph design or maybe AI agents. You're building AI agent. That's really popular right now. Let's use that. So you're building AI agents for people on your own. Maybe you're selling agents from the new airrock on Hyros. Wink wink. But look, you're starting off, you're selling AI agents to people one-on-one like that. So as soon as you get to the point where you're making 100K a year on Fiverr, what a lot of people do is they'll just like stop and they'll like try and like do this more. They'll try and charge more. They'll try and squeeze more water out of this rock right here. No, no, no, no, no. What you want to then do is you want to hire a staff of people and have them building the AI agents when all you do is you focus on selling. Okay, that's a little bit more of a risk because then you're having to actually hire staff and pay them money. Oh, that's starting to get hard. Okay, so now you're making like 300k a year. Very cool. A lot of people get stuck right here. Then what you need to do is you say, "All right, how can I expand this business even more? I need to get more customers." Then you start running ads while paying other people to make the AI agent. So you expand it. Okay, now you're at 500K a year. All right, a lot of people get stuck right here. Then what do we do? We make our own AI agent software or we start bit targeting enterprise businesses. And at every one of these steps right here, I'm not going to map out the entire I can't even see. Look, this is who you're getting advice from. I can't even spell enterprise interpisible. All right, but look at each of these stages right here. You're going to feel [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid again and you're probably going to lose money and it's not going to work. you're going to get to like 300K and you're like, "I don't really want to run ads. I don't want to lose money." You're going to run ads. None of them are going to work. And you're suddenly at the point again where you're a failure and you suck again. You're not doing well. You're like, "Ah, great. I just made 300K, but I just lost 150K trying to run ads." Good. That is the price for growth in business. If you want to excel in business, the suffering, the pain that you feel in the weight room, the the suffering and pain that you feel in the jiu-jitsu mat, the frustration you feel when you can't play that song over and over again, that is risk. That is loss. that is dealing with gain and loss, which is what business and growth is when it comes to making money. It is balancing and manipulating growth and loss cuz that's all you're doing to get edges on other people and find inefficiencies in the market and basically make something for less than it makes you to make it and then sell to them. And so you start adding a lot of things into that. You you started with just working with your own time. That was what you're selling. Now you're selling other people's time. Now you're managing advertising and the attraction of time. Now you're even taking a lot of money and investing it in the product itself or improving that. And so you're constantly taking bigger swings and every single time you go forward. It's the same thing like playing guitar. If we learn guitar, you're going to skyrocket at first because you can play Nirvana. And then you try to play Van Halen and you're bad again. And you go back down. Then you can learn to play Van Halen. Then you maybe start playing some polifia or some of that Gen Z music and you're like, "Oh my god, this is terrible." And then you get good at that. And then you're like, "Fuck, maybe I'll go learn, I don't know, jazz." And you're like, "Ah, this is lame boomer music. This is terrible." And you get really bad again. And you go back up again. And this is how you grow in business. You have to keep increasing the difficulty. Every single time you're wondering, how do I get richer? You need to look at what you're doing. If you're starting from zero, you need to get on the damn court so there's at least some difficulty or something going on. As soon as you get on the court and you start being able to make three-pointers, you start be able to choke someone in jiu-jitsu. You start being able to play your your first songs, you have to say, "Okay, this is great, but I'm going to have to go back down the mountain and climb it again and increase the weight." And if you do this consciously and aggressively every single time for years, you will get rich. I guarantee it. Because what you're doing is the essence of how people get rich but don't talk about it. And that is treating it like any other skill set. What business is is being able to make really good decisions, manage risk, and all the little subsklls below it. It's not some lottery where you just go and push buttons and some get lucky and some don't. The reason why, for example, if you look like Alex or Mosie, you could find videos of Alex all the way back to like forever ago, where he's just like a little newborn elf making gym videos in like a dimly lit room. The reason why Alex is so damn good at business and the videos and he's grown his businesses so far, if you've seen his recent stuff he's doing, very cool, is because Alex kept increasing the damn difficulty over and over again. What he's doing at acquisition right now is leagues more challenging than what he was doing at gym launch. And he had to go and take huge steps back to actually go and build acquisition. What I'm doing at Hyros right now of my companies right now is billions of times more complex than what I was doing when I was selling SEO services. And in order to go and take that leap to Hyros, for example, when I was really frustrated at $2 million a year, I actually sold all my so I didn't have to worry about money or risk at all. Moved into a completely empty apartment and built my software company then. And while I wasn't broke by any means, I removed all the fear of risk and all the discomforts right there. Stopped caring what people thought about me, which again was me thinking about what they thought about me. No one was actually thinking about me whatsoever. And I focused on being able to take more risk and grow my skill set. As soon as I started doing that, I started going back up the mountain again. My net worth grew past 9 figures very quickly. Honestly, in the span of years, and my income shot from a million, $2 million a year to making over $2 million a month. And that's what I'm trying to convey to you right here. And that people don't get what I just conveyed to you is a very, very simple statement. Find a skill. Keep increasing the difficulty. Every time you hit the point where you're satisfied with where you are, throw it all away and increase the difficulty more. This is the most common sense thing ever. But people have this weird view of money, this weird view of wealth that won't let them do that. And so when they get plateaued, they keep trying to find ways to grow without taking more risk or without being uncomfortable. Again, when they're getting started, they're thinking, "How do I build a business without taking risk or being uncomfortable?" You don't. As soon as they start making more money from that, they get past that little irky thing. and they're like, "Okay, that was that was hard, but now that I've made it, I don't want to go back to taking risk and being uncomfortable ever again." Guess what? You got to. As soon as you're making 100K, 200k a year, you throw it all out the window. You you take the dice, you head back to the casino, and you do it again. And you're going to lose and you're going to lose and you're going to lose until you get good enough that you can win. And as soon as you start winning again, back to the casino. Lose, lose, lose, win, win, win, lose, lose, lose, win, win, win. And that, my little internet buddy, is the most effective rule, the most effective talk I can give you in 20 minutes about how to get rich. If you just do that one thing and apply that rule over and over and over again, it will all work out. Because no matter what happens, no matter what skill you're trying to learn, you're constantly going to get much better at it. And those risks you take and those things you mess up, you're going to learn from them. And you're not going to make that same mistake again. And then you stop making so many mistakes. And then you start winning. And then you just repeat the process over and over again as fast as you possibly can. What most people do is they take it very slowly. They they try they get to a certain point, then they try to do it without being comfortable, not taking risks again, and they say, "Oh shit." And then two years later, they do it. A really smart person hits that wall and immediately throws it all away, does it again. If you look at Mr. Beast, for example, when he was growing his videos, as soon as he made any money from his videos, he took all that money, threw it back in the videos, and started making even crazier videos. As soon as he made money from that, all the money into it, constant discomfort. That's why he's a billionaire. That's why I'm not a billionaire. because as soon as I got to a level of wealth, I kept the money and tried to be comfortable. Don't do that. That's it. If you like videos like this in the channel, I'm going to be making a lot more general videos on this channel because uh I'm tired of making ad videos because you can only learn so much about ads. If you like that, you should like and subscribe. And if you want to see ad videos, there's still a few laying around right here in the suggestions. though. Okay. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain Weird FB AD Niches That Made Me $32k A Day
VIDEO ID: UCi5JRO7dDI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCi5JRO7dDI
================================================================================

So making this adjustment in your ads and your landing pages and also your product, it will double or triple your conversions, it can in fact redefine your entire business. And if your business is struggling to scale with ads right now or you're having trouble growing on ads, this will make the ads extremely easy. You will see your ads that are not converting before, not getting customers suddenly getting five times the conversion rates, but six times 10 times the conversion rates in some instances. That's only instances where your ads absolutely suck ass. But still, let's take the win. This will do that because every single day at Hyris, I talk to a lot of our customers who are running ads and a lot of them have trouble scaling past certain importance because all of their competitors are selling the same exact thing and so they're running ads with like 50 other businesses selling the same exact thing. They can only do so much with their ad scripts. They can only do so much with their copy and it's just not scaling anymore because the ads get too expensive. You've probably had this problem with your ads. What I'm going to give you right now is a way to isolate and pivot your business to make your ads convert much much higher at much lower ad spends. If I have to start any business from scratch, this is how I'm going to start running ads because it's just so damn effective and you can actually go and run very tiny ad spends and get massive ROIs doing it. Let me explain how this works. So, look, I'm the CEO and founder of one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now, Hyros. I see it's working across billions of dollars ad spend. And I've spent the last 10 years of my life running ads, tens of millions of dollars spent that generate multiple 8 figureure businesses and one nine figure business. So what I'm telling you here isn't coming straight out of my nether region being thrown out of the wall. This is coming from a very well-educated Nether region. So you should try to catch it when I chuck it. Okay? Don't visualize that. But you get the point. And whenever I see businesses running ads or I'm going to start a new business, this technique and how they structure it, they always just perform 10 times better. This is why when you're running advertising, you want to run advertising in a vacuum. This means you want to have the most unique ad possible. Now, most people think that applies just to your creative or your ad copy, but I'm going to be straight with you. There's only so much you can do with your targeting and your ad copy and your creative. Eventually, you know the best techniques and you're getting the you're getting close enough. All right? Improving your ads another 20% is not going to grow your business. What will grow your business is if you're running ads to an audience that is underserved, doesn't see these ads very often. You're selling them a product that they've that's completely unique and specific to them that nobody else is. And you have the absolute best best best best possible offer that is optimized just for them. What does that mean? Let me give you a perfect example of this in in theory. So, back in the day, I'm going to use Alex Emozi as example right here cuz I love what he originally did with this and it's a perfect example for this. It's it's brilliant. So, you may not know that um before Alex did all the acquisition.com stuff, he had this business called Gym Launch. So, back in the day when he was launching Gym Launch, they basically sell consulting and services and advice and info products and whatever for gym businesses, masterminds, basically very typical uh business growth consulting offer. So at that time back in the day, everybody else was running very very similar offers, but they were all running offers for teaching people how to learn consulting, doing consulting or agency services for businesses or e-commerce, make money online. And so everybody in the entire space was all focused around either making big broad make money products, mindset products or or products for e-commerce or agencies or consulting. And so it was very hard to actually run ads for this. I had a business that was generating like 20 $30 million per year give or take depending on the year it did that based on whatever years but it was only at like a 30% profit margin and I was the best of the best of the best of the best at it and I was even struggling to grow the ads and scaled them. So Alex what he did is he created very similar offers but then he took it to a completely different industry that would never seen ads for this ever. So he was running ads for gym businesses. Gym businesses were not getting any advertising for offers like this. Zero. No one was spending any money targeting them on Facebook or anything like that. Alex also built the entire business around this offer. So he was the only one offering this offer and he was really really really effing good at it. So everyone in the gym business knew that he was the one to get results. So he had this entire market which can generate 4050 $100 million a year all to himself. Now the gym consulting business is not like a multi-billion dollar market cap market. It's not that large. But because nobody was marketing to it, nobody was making products for it, Alex was able to take a product that a lot of other people were selling, just the basic uh high ticket course, high ticket program, consulting, and in mastermind model, and he applied it to gyms. And I think the business did like, I don't know, $40, $50 million a year, like 17 $18 million in profit, uh, one of their first years doing this. Boom, breakthrough. So, what's the lesson we can take away from this? When we're running ads in our business, we don't have to necessarily change our business model. But we do do do have to go and actually find businesses and a method and a way of approaching businesses that matches that model, which is finding potential customers that are completely underserved, not targeted on on ads at all. Making a product that no one else is offering is completely unique and then making it the absolute best amazing thing in the space. Then you can carve out your own little niche to start your business and grow. So let me give you a story about a business I launched that failed and how I could have done it better applying this technique. So before I launched Hyros, I launched an email uh business. It was an email kind of similar to Mailchimp or whatever autoresponder because I was very into email marketing. Now I tried to target all small business types with this and it failed. And the reason why is because I was again targeting a big broad niche. Around this time Clavio popped up. It would it started like about a year before us and they did one thing that was different. They only made email marketing for Shopify stores and e-commerce businesses. I believe it was just Shopify back then. By doing this, their results compared to ours absolutely exploded. Why? Because no one was marketing specific email services to e-commerce stores. And then the problem with all of it is we were trying to market to everybody. So, we weren't optimized or perfect for anybody. Clavio was marketing just to e-commerce people who weren't receiving ads for email software. So, their ads hit because they were the only one uniquely selling us. There weren't five different softwares for e-commerce launching at the time and they were the absolute best and the best and the best at it. So as they grew just a little bit, they became known as the e-commerce software for email or the email software for e-commerce. This allowed them to dominate and I believe the company is worth like 7 billion now. My company that I launched then is worth zero because I'm an idiot and didn't realize this technique that they were doing then. So those are two stories about positioning right here. So how can you do this in your business? Look at your business model. If you're launching a software, you're launching a skincare product, you're launching a gym product, you're launching a info product, where can you find audiences that are not being marketed to that this business model will work for? Then, how can you make an absolute unique product where if you're running an ad, there is no one else running a a product just like yours? Finally, how can you be the absolute best in the space so that when you get a foothold, even if people make competing products, it doesn't matter anymore. So, let's go to my computer right now and do some brainstorming. And this is exactly how I would launch a new business or product with ads and absolutely clean house. Now, first before we get going, I have to give you one ad tip that is paramount. It beats all of this right here. If you just apply this one thing, you're instantly going to see more money from your ads. You should um track your ads. I know I say this every single video like five times. But if you track your ads with Hyros, you are going to see much more money. I literally guaranteed or you do not have to pay for hires. Here's how. If you look at our Facebook ad tracking right here, we tracked 195 calls from this ad set in this time period from our Facebook ads, Facebook caught 88. If I was running my ads based on the data from Facebook, I would be turning off ads that are printing money for me. I would be turning up ads that are not making me money. I would be losing money hand over foot for making the wrong decisions. If you are not tracking your ads with something like this, Hyros is the best and it's the only one that sits in your ad manager like this, you are making terrible decisions with your ads and losing money for no reason. So, you should come check out Hyros when this video is done. Put it on your site. If it doesn't get you results, you don't see an increase in revenue like all the businesses are on page. You can see Tony Robbins, Alexi uses this. Playboy, Bodybuilding.com, 5,000 plus other businesses. If you don't see results like they do, you don't have to pay for it, literally. So, come check it out. The video is done. So, let me show you this method applied to one of my businesses. So, back in the day, if you don't know, I used to be one of those make money online guys. I'd sell courses on how to make money online. Now, I was also running software businesses and all sorts of other stuff, but people really wanted to figure out what I was doing in my businesses. At this point in time, I make so much money, just being transparent with you, it's not worth my time to teach anymore. But back then, making a couple extra $100,000 per month or even millions of dollars per month from teaching was very beneficial for signing my software company. So, I taught a lot of what I knew for money. Now, I just give it away for free, which is what you're getting in these videos. But back then, I would sell courses based around advertising, consulting, uh building agencies, and uh selling info and courses because that's what I was really good at. But everybody else in the niche was selling products like this. It was it was extremely jam-packed. And so what I saw is look, everybody knows about e-commerce and Shopify and drop shipping right now, but back in the day, back in the old wild west of internet marketing, that was a really new thing. And so when I saw that happening, no one was running ads or building courses or making webinars particularly for that. So what I did is, you're probably thinking in this video right now, how do I change to a completely different niche or how do I pivot my business model to another niche? Here's what I did. I found two people who were experts in e-commerce and were getting really, really good results and then basically told them to make a course and I told them exactly what to put in the course, how to train people, etc. And so I took all my knowledge from this business model up here and I imported it to them. I made them partners at the business for a smaller percent. I believe I had 70% of the business than they got 30%. And I said, "Okay, this is going to work way better because there's no one running an offer like this. It's extremely unique right now. It wouldn't be in today's age, e-commerce, Shopify, teaching products are nothing new. And then we're going to run ads to this. And so I stopped running ads in the competitive market space with a product that was like everybody else's. And I made this. Instantly, the product went to well over 1 mil a month in sales. We had many days we're breaking $100,000 a day. Easy peasy. And so this turned it into a near $20 million per year business overnight. And all I did, I didn't change my advertising tactics. I didn't change my business model. I really didn't change any of my funnels or my copyrights or scripts. I just pivoted and marketed to a audience that was being underserved with a unique product that was best in its class because we had the best e-commerce or result guys teaching it inside the product. That's how simple that was. That one change right there made me more money on an info product than I've ever made in info products before. So, how do we do this in your business? Okay, so you got to look at your business model. I'm not saying if you're selling info products or whatever, it only applies to that. This applies to everything. Whether you are selling e-commerce products, whether you are selling info, whether you're selling software, you need to look at your niche and you need to really ask yourself, am I selling anything unique in my niche? Do I have a unique sales proposition? You got to be super honest with yourself. Are there 50 other competitors selling something that's pretty much the same thing as yours? If people take their products versus your products, they get pretty much the same results, then you don't have a wide openen category to go and dominate. So you need to look at inside your niche. Are there subniches or part particular types of people that you could market to? Could you, for example, I'm just going to give you general ideas. Could you take your SAS software and make it specialized for doctor's offices or construction companies or hotels? Could you take your info product and could you make it and warp it into a business model that is completely underserved right now? Could you go and find other people to teach your info product or train in your info product to teach and hit an entirely underserved category with an info product that's never been done before? If you're doing an e-commerce product, are there people inside that industry that are being underserved for a particular uh reason? For example, one thing I saw was really good with skincare recently is I saw this isn't anything new now, but originally people started going and marketing the men who were 40 plus years old because there's a whole bunch of men going through a midlife crisis now on YouTube. All us millennials are turning 40 and so we're suddenly having to deal with this aging thing. So they made skincare products like a complete line of products for men who were 40 plus years old. I'm pretty sure that absolutely killed it because they were the only people making something like this. But you can make specific type of products for people with certain skin con skin tones, hair colors, whatever. Find specific types of people that are being underserved and make a product just for that. When you're also starting a business, say this is the entire niche of let's say uh B2B software and let's say we niche it down to like email marketing. What can you do to find one little small subsection of this niche and be the absolute best product in a niche for those people? Because one of the best ways to blow up your business early on is you don't try and go and compete with everybody else. What you want to do is you want to find this subset where it's very easy to dominate. So for example, if you made an email marketing software only for doctor's offices and every single feature in there was targeted to doctor's offices, you would easily beat out pretty much every single other mail software on the market within like 6 months. Is this niche big enough to make you hundreds of millions of dollars a year? No, probably not. But it's definitely enough to make you like five, six, $10 million a year. Easy peasy. And so that's how you go and do this because then you could literally go and buy ad space to doctors that other people are not using. You could find ad space and target them in different ways that's completely unique. And then from all the advertising, they're saying you're probably offering them with something that's very unique and it's the best product in the space and has unique selling proposition. So, this technique right here is literally, I think, one of the most powerful techniques you can use in all of marketing because it allows you to basically hack the system of competition and having to beat everybody and having to have the best ads and allows you to just go in and run ads very, very cheaply that convert super highly and have the entire intention of a small pond, but still have the entire intention of the small pond. And you have to understand whether it's a big pond or not, if it's a big pond, a lot of times the amount of money it costs to reach that pond is very expensive. But you can have a small pond all yourself, but the cost to reach it is onetenth the price um per customer than it is if you're in that big pond. So for example, if you were going after every single person in B2B email marketing, you'd be paying $100 per customer to reach them and you'd have very low conversion rates. If you were paying for specifically an email marketing software for just doctors, you could probably get those leads in cheaper and the conversion rates will be much much much higher because you have a unique product that is the best in the space for them and you're able to reach them with something they've never seen before. This absolutely shits money is one of the most powerful methods there is. When I launched Hyros, what we did in particular is we made tracking for info marketers and digital course businesses. And that's what we really focus on first and we focus on calls and and running particular types of advertising that showed influencers in that space going and making a lot of money using our tracking. And so that's what we optimize for it first. Now we kind of work for everybody because once you go and get into those spaces where you take over the small little niche, then you can use as a foothold to get into the big niches. So this is just a big overall lesson I think is one of the most powerful lessons that people do not understand in marketing. If you want to see the ad scripts, the ad templates, the targeting, my how I test Facebook ads, it's all going to be posted around this video. And there's also links below this video that have all the other trainings in them. It's all free. It's all here on YouTube. I don't have any courses or anything to sell you. Go watch those. It's everything I do. And uh I'll see you next video. Take it easy.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Make 2.7 Mil A Month Running FB Ads To This 2 Page Site.
VIDEO ID: 2S8eKsfjF7c
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S8eKsfjF7c
================================================================================

[Music] Well, hey there. So, you are an internet scuzzbach who's trying to sell more of your Scuzbag products through Facebook and Google ads. And in this video, I'm going to give you a structure for your Facebook and Google ads. If you use this, it is going to I guarantee and this is not like a hyperbole like when I actually make headlines in internet marketing, they actually mean something. I know nobody does that, but seriously, listen to this. When I guarantee something, I guarantee it. I guarantee if you use this structure here, you are going to double, triple, quadruple, 10x your ads. And I can tell you that because I've used this to build a multi-figure business that generates me many, many millions of dollars per month and many other businesses that are in the 8 figureure range. It just absolutely works. It just just applied in this video. I know that sounds hyperbolic, but I got the results to back it up. I am the CEO of Hyruis. This is one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now. And across all my experience spending tens and tens of millions of dollars on ads, I actually see what is working in the industry. And this little tactic, this structure for Facebook and Google ads, everybody that's doing it is absolutely printing money. Everybody else is getting so so results. Their ads are not scaling. This is going to fix it for you. I virtually literally guarantee it. Now, let me explain how this works because you're probably still skeptical. And yes, I know you're impressed by my new studio. I wanted to create the most depressing office environment possible. I figured the last studio looked way too cool. So, I figured I want to get into a filming environment that looks like a cross between living in my mother's basement and the Chamber of Secrets in Harry Potter. It's a real great place to be. Curb your enthusiasm. Curb your impress. I know this this shooting setup reeks some of success. I just moved. This is the best it's going to get if you came for the special effects in the studio. Not going to happen. We're just going to lower and lower the quality of these videos until it's not even me in the videos. Is it just going to be an AI generated cardboard figure pumping out generic blog marketing information? That's the direction we're heading. Okay. All right. All right. Enough. Look, what the heck are we doing here? Let me explain. See, I do a call a day with an entrepreneur at Hyros. These are businesses. They're running a lot of money on ads. And every single call it is, hey, what's working? Are UGC ads working? Are image ads working? What type of headlines are working? What type of targeting is working? And I got to tell you something. When it comes to paid advertising, yes, having an optimized ad, having optimized headlines, having all the hoopla and the stuff just right, yes, that does get results. That is important. But if you're watching this channel and you run any amount of ads, you probably already know most of the secrets when it comes to ads. You probably can go and make a pretty well optimized ad. And so, you're not going to get the edge by doing that. You're going to get the edge by understanding what the customer is briing not listening to this channel. I can't talk. You're going to you're going to get the results by understanding what the customer's buying and decision makingaking process looks like. Most people mess this up in their ads. In fact, everybody does except for me. I'm the only person in the world to ever nail it. Most people mess this up because they think of ads as some binary thing where we copy some phrases and some lingo and a speaking pattern and that convinces people to buy. No, you have to think about what the person's thinking from the first time they see your ad all the way through. Let me break this down. So, first things first before we get started, I'm going to give you one ultimate ad tip. Track track your ads with an attribution system. Look, I suggest Hires because I own Hires and it's the best tracking possible and it has endless testimonials from like Tony Robbins, Alexi uses it. We have giant brands like Playboy using it. We have a near-perfect score on Trust Pilot. We literally have a guarantee that if you don't make more money using it, you don't have to pay for it. It's a great place to be. But please just track it with something. If you look at our Facebook ads right here, here's me tracking with Hyros. We run a call funnel. the most basic funnel to track of all time. It's just a person clicking on a page and booking a call. And you can see right here, Facebook only caught 42 calls. We're tracking 116 calls right here. If I had been using Facebook's metrics right here, I probably would have turned off these ads or at least think they aren't that successful. I'm paying $500 per call. I'm actually paying $200 per call, which is printing money at my business. I am begging you, if you run ads and watch this video, apply what I'm about to tell you. It's going to double your ad results, but you're not really going to get much traction with your ads if you're not tracking where the sales are coming from and which ads are profitable and how profitable they are. Please, after this video is done, just come stop by Hyros. Check it out. Takes 2 seconds to apply and you're going to be able to actually run your ads so much more efficiently, which will make you more money from what I'm about to teach you right here. FYI, also before we get started, I'm going to mention a lot of ads, Facebook targeting, whatever in this video. On this channel, I give away literally everything for free. All I want to do is just teach you how to make more money from your ads so that you eventually come and track your ads with Hyro. So, I'm just going to tell you everything I know. At the end of this video, you'll have links to the scripts, the ad targeting, everything I'm doing, how I how I target everything on Facebook, exactly what I run ads, the scripts. You'll watch them all. It's all there verbatim. You can also just browse around on this channel. It's literally all here. What we need to focus on this right here is an understanding that when you combine it with those things is going to turbocharge your ads, the scripts, and everything you're using. So, let's dive into it. So look, let me explain this core problem that you're probably making and almost everyone I talk to that runs ads that isn't extremely rich like myself is making. So look, I was talking to a SAS company, but this is across e-commerce across info marketing the other day and I was looking at their ads. I'm like, why aren't our ads converting? We can't make this work. And it's fundamentally un misunderstanding what the customer cares about and how they make their decision-making process. So, let me give you the tip of the iceberg real quick and then we're going to get into a step-by-step six-step proven method that you can use uh that is going to just make your ads crush because you're actually going to dive deep into your customer's brain and extract the thing that makes them do the thing you want, which is buy stuff, optin, book phone calls, or basically believe you're going to be able to solve their problem if they give you money, which is the core thing we're trying to do here. That's that's it at the end of the day. If we can get someone to think if they give us money, their problem will be solved. We've won. But how the heck do we get there? So, I was looking at their ads and from the get-go, their SAS company and their software ads, they said, "Why aren't they converting?" There's two things they were misunderstanding from the get-go. So, they're just running ads saying, "Hey, our our software can do this. It will optimize, let's just say in this instance right here, your emails for you." Okay? And they're they were running all these ads and they're like, "Well, we can't scale the ads because they're not profitable uh right away. Um we we spend $100 and we only get 50 bucks back and we don't know why they're not converting." So, let's look at what's going on right here from the get-go. So, this is part of the process I'm going to teach you. I just want to show you how off people are. What a lot of people are doing with their ads is the first thing you can see that they are doing with the ad is they start talking about what the product does. And that's not what the customer cares about. The only thing a customer cares about when they're buying a B2B software, and I'm going to show you this process for ecom and everything else, but we have to nail down what the customer cares about. The only thing a person cares about in a B2B software is money. So the only thing we should be advertising is the saving or creation of money. If you ever look at high roast ads for example, the only thing I directly connect it to immediately in every single ad, I never talk about tracking in the ads. I talk about the percent increase in the ads you're going to see. I show Tony Robbins going and doubling one of his ad funnels with it. I get all the results from all the cut big companies that come through. I always make sure it focuses or I ask them how much do were you able to scale your ads further? That's why if you go to Hyro site, you just see endless results. not talking about what Hyros does tracking accuracy wise. No one cares about that. What it talks about is how much more money people are making from their ads by using accurate data. And so what they're doing right here is if I was running Hyros ads based around tracking accuracy, which is what a lot of our competitors did back in the day, uh and that's why we absolutely body slam them because they don't understand what their customers care about. So by doing this, one, they don't understand what the customer is looking for. And then two, they don't understand the customer buying process. When a person is buying B2B software, what they do is you alert them to the problem and nobody clicks an ad and just starts buying B2B software like they're buying underwear on the internet. No one's like, "Oh man, this is a cool enter soft underwear. I got to buy it now." That's not how they buy it. What they do is soft underwear. It's the new thing in e-com going to be a giant hit. You heard it here first. But what they do is they get alerted to the fact that they have the problem and then what they do is they think about it for a little bit. They talk to their team and then when they finally decide, hey, this is a problem. We need to solve it, they go and look at the top three different companies. And so the way you want to run e-commerce ads is you want or I mean SAS ads is you want to attach it back to money. And then what you want to do is you want to remember that they're not going to buy right away. And then you want to remarket the hell out of them so that when they do make the decision to finally come and fix this problem, you're sitting there like a Geico commercial when their person thinks about looking for insurance. Okay. So, why did I just explain this whole situation to you? I just wanted to show you a very simple thought process or example of how people are dramatically misunderstanding how their customer is thinking about, looking for and buying their product. This simple little process that I just showed you or this example showed you just this shift in mindset is something that makes our ads at Hyros, which we sell tracking, which is the most boring thing on planet Earth, makes it sexy and something that people buy like crazy. And so the secret to our ads and the reason why my company's ads do very well is not because I follow some script or some pattern or some UGC format with a specific landing page. We literally just send people to our website. It's because what I do is I understand the customer buying process. And so what we need to do when we're looking at our ads is we need to go through some questions and some flows to actually understand what our customer is trying to do and what the buying process looks like. Okay? Okay, so I want to walk you through this. And if you do this general thought process before you start running your ads, you're going to make 10 times better ads. And you're going to think about how your ads are going to work with your customer much better. So look, the first thing we need to think about with our ads is what does the buying process look like? So if you're running an e-commerce business, the buying process looks like a person coming straight to the site and buying right away. If you have a low ticket item, that's what it looks like. All right. So what we're trying to do is we really need to frontload getting this low ticket item sold. So that means using a lot of scarcity tactics, aggressive things, and then following up around this one low ticket product right here. But if we're selling a SAS product, for example, what the buying process looks like is sometimes the customer takes a week or two to buy. They go and talk to their team. They think about it. If we have a really high ticket product, our e-commerce product, the person's probably going to talk to support. They're going to do some research. They're going to go ask, chat, GPT. And so there's all sorts of things you could think about when the person lands on the site that cut them off from those things or help them with those things. putting in little maybe an AI bot that helps them with the chats or whatnot to answer their questions. So, for example, I was looking at like a hyperbaric chamber the other day. That's not something I'm just going to click an ad and be like and then buy it. No, I want to ask questions, but there was nothing on the site to ask questions about. Their chat wasn't responsive. You know how crazy it would have been if I just land on the page and they had just a chat GBT that was trained to answer questions right below the product. I could just ask questions about it. It would have been groundbreaking. But instead, I have to like email them and then wait two like two days to get a response. All sorts of stuff like this is what you need to think about when you're looking at your ads and then think about what the process is going to look like. If you're running a SAS company right here, you probably want to market to the people first and then really focus more on your remarketing. If you're running a low ticket company right here, you really want to focus on your scarcity and all the things that cause a person to buy on their first try because you have to hook them right there. Okay? If you're thinking about something where you're selling something high ticket or a high ticket maybe e-commerce or something like that, think about all the questions and other places they're going to go when they click on these ads. other things they're going to think about. Okay, so I just want you to think about this when before you start running your ads. What does the buying process look like overall? And then you might start thinking, hm, maybe I need to adjust how I look at my ads. For example, I see SAS people running ads the same way that e-commerce people are trying to run their ads or something like that. It it just doesn't work. Okay, so the next thing and really the most important place to start at is what the f do these people want? What the hell do they actually want? What people don't want out of your skin care product is a new cream that feels luxurious on their skin that has a revolutionary acne treatment system attached to it. They don't want that. They want to get rid of their blackheads in 3 days. They want to get rid of their blackheads fast. Okay? And so when a person buys a SAS software, what do they want? They want to make a lot of money. They want to make more money than they pay. They want their business to make more money. When a person buys a hyperbaric chamber, for example, what do they want? They want a h a hyperaric chamber that gets to a certain pressure and has these dials and features. No, they probably want to improve their skin, reduce some certain ailment, something like that. Reverse aging, something like that. That's the thing they want to see. And so, it's very important when you're running ads, you identify this what the f immediately and you focus all your ads on that. You don't focus it on anything else. This is the most important shift you can make in your ads. Everybody out there is advertising their features or the things it does, not the result that people want. So think about this immediately and then zero in on this. Now the next thing you need to consider and that most people don't consider when they have their ads is that people often don't consider themselves that they have this problem especially in B2B. Okay. So, if you're dealing with like skin care or something like that or like health supplements, all the time I see ads and the best ones, for example, um I'm going to give you example of a really good place to just skim around to get ideas for this. If you go skim through Twitter, I am constantly in health Twitter discovering I have new massive problems with my body and I'm taking the wrong supplements. Like every five scrolls, it's like this new breakthrough thing right here is why your liver is on fire or this this new foot bath thing. All this all this kind of stuff, right? I'm constantly discovering there's something new and terrible wrong with my body and there's news this new magic plant in Nicaragua that solves everything like every 10 minutes. And the way every single one of these ads always starts off and it's not so much an ads just people posting on Twitter is by convincing me first off I have the problem in the first place. And so for example I've seen one that was like you know Mark Wahberg had high blood pressure and then he like reversed it using this thing right here. But the craziest thing is like most men over 35 have this crazy chronic thing just like Mark and they didn't know. They don't know that they have it. That gets me paying attention right away. And so what you need to think about with your ads is do people actually know they have the problem? One of the ways to easy easily expand your ads is by being able to target people that don't know they have the problem. So, for example, if people have a wrinkly face, they know they have a wrinkly face, but if they if you can pin other reasons to like why why it's happening, maybe they've accepted it, but they they think they it's there's no way they can solve it. And it could be like it's actually something in your air conditioner that's causing your wrinkly face or something like that. Or for example, when I started running ads, most people didn't think they had a tracking problem. They thought Facebook ads were good enough. And so, I had to convince people that they did have the problem. So, one of the ways that I did this was by first catching their attention with stories, okay? Stories of how celebrities on Hyros fix this problem, okay? And so what I did with this is I attach it to the thing they want. All right? So I show celebrities making more money. Okay? So people think, hm, I want more money. How are they making more money? Then I introduce them to the problem. Okay? And so this is something you just want to do in your ads. You want to think about what the heck does the person want? What's the end result? And then what's the problem that's causing it? And how can we convince them that they have this problem? Almost everybody running ads on Facebook, if I say you have a tracking problem, they don't know they have a tracking problem. Nobody knows they have a tracking problem. I have to make these stupid videos making this content for you to really persuade you and hint at the fact that maybe you should track your ads accurately because if you know where your sales are coming from, it's incredibly helpful if you're throwing money at ads to know which ads are generating sales. But nobody, okay, I'm not even going to get into my rant right now, but you you see what I'm saying right here. So the way I grew Hyros very successfully was by convincing people that they have this problem that they do have. And so when you think about your ads, think first off, what's the buying process look like? What the heck do they even want? And are they even aware they have the problem in the first place? So then the next thing you need to think about with your ads and your landing pages when you're writing copy for your ads or you doing anything is getting the person to the place where they think they need to solve the problem. So how do you do this? You want to show compounding damage after you've introduced the problem to them from these things. So for example, what I would show in hyros ads is the amount of loss stacking up. So for example, if a person had like 100k a month business, um we'd show that they were like losing an additional 20k a month in the ad. Or we'd show excessive results. So companies using it, etc. Because what people are going to do is is you have to either get a person across the line with your ads by showing them massive benefits, massive gain, or massive loss. That's how you have to end every single ad. And so, for example, you really need to like if we have like a skincare or a skin cream ad or something like that, you need to show like a lot of people, like tons and tons of people curing their skin in record time and then say something like, "Come to this page. We'll show you a case study of 500 people, 100 people, everyone getting this result you want in record time." That's how you do the massive benefit. Okay? That's how I would do it at Hyros, for example. I'd say come to this page, you're going to see endless results. Or you need to show the massive compounding damages. So when it's like health products or like a B2B product, the compounding damages of not leaving this or leaving this problem alone, that's going to get people to click on the ads and actually take the action. So what do they want? Convincing them they have the problem and then showing them the massive benefit to convince them that they need to solve the problem or the compounding damage that they're causing by not solving the problem. This is going to get people to come through and actually look at your site and start digging around and doing stuff. And then finally, the last mistake I see with people in their ads, and this is such a simple exercise. Everything I walked you through is just basic persuasion, but people don't think these things apply to their ads. They don't they don't think about it, and they think my UGC ad just wasn't like was didn't have a hot enough babe in it or something. I don't know. Finally, when a person does come to your site, if you want your ads to convert much more at all, here's here's what you need to do. Like, here's how you blow up the conversion of all your ads. You convince them that it works. Okay? I've seen every sales copy, every trick, every page, everything like that. The only thing people really care about is that it works. And so, you can try every trick in the book when it comes to what you're doing. But the number one way you're going to convince people on your pages when people actually land there is by showing results and then backing them up with crazy guarantees. And if you're in terms of health products or supplements or e-commerce or something like that, showing specific studies, stuff like that is going to push you over the edge. The next thing you also have to do is think about making them understand briefly how it works. So once you've convinced people when they land on your page that it works. You need to convince them how it works in the simplest format possible without confusing them. A beautiful example of this is on the Hyros website. If you go look at the top of the website, we have this really simple video right here that shows how the software works without a sales video or anything like that. I don't like sales videos per se because they can get really long and confusing. But what you want to focus on is people don't care how it works. They just want to grasp the concept of how it's going to get them this result. If you tell someone that you're going to get rid of all the blackheads of their on their face in 3 minutes or 3 days, whatever, they're not really going to swing. If you if you show them, for example, um one of the best pitches I saw for skincare products was this combination product where it said, "All right, so the way you're going to get rid of your blackheads record fast is you're going to use this acid cream first to open up your pores and get rid of all the blackhead juices in there. Get them out of it." And I always talk about skin cream in these videos. I apologize. I just find it like the most obvious, pitchable, copyrightable market on planet Earth to explain. So, it says you're going to use this to get all the little pores clean, and then you're going to use our next supplement right here to close it all up. So, it's going to get rid of the blackheads and then shrink the pores. Do you see how easy that was to understand? Like, I didn't explain the science or anything behind it or anything complicated. Um, or assume the person had the problem or anything like that. I just basically laid out, hey, this is the process we're going to use here. And then it just showed endless endless endless endless results of that working. Okay? And so, that works really, really, really well. So, when people come to the page, like you have to understand, I see so many pages where it's describing the features, the the product itself, um the bottling, the brand, the company, all this stuff right here. You really need to go and show that it works. For example, I bought this very nice pair of pajamas recently. And the reason is because it cools my body down. At least that's what it says on the website. I just think I'm a rich guy buying stupid, expensive, overpriced But that's a whole other that's a whole other video. Anyways, the reason why I bought it, it showed people increasing their sleep times because the pajamas cooled them down and cooled down their body temperatures. Okay, you see how that worked right there? And then it showed a bunch of results and like studies about it. That's why I bought the product. And so, as I was skimming through Facebook, it convinced me first off that I had a problem because I was I was overheated when I was sleeping. Okay, it had like, you know, Brian Johnson talks about overheating when he's sleeping and you got to get your co your your body temperature this this amount right here. But did you know the sheets and what people wear the bed is overheating their body then stopping them from getting to the appropriate body temperature? Well, now we have these awesome expensive pajamas. You should come throw tons of Yeah. See, that's you can see how the process worked. And so, this is what you need to think about when you're running your ads. I know a lot of stuff in this video was kind of like had nothing to do with going inside the Facebook ad manager and optimizing your targeting and your ad copywriting or your ad headlines and UGC videos and your templates and scripts. That's because those things don't matter. What matters is that you go through the process that the customers think in your head and think about how you're going to market them and persuade them to go through that pathway that I just talked about right there. It doesn't matter what your funnel looks like. It doesn't matter what your ads look like. It matters that they go through this persuasion funnel process. What does their buying process look like? If you're running a B2B business ad, they're probably not going to buy from the first ad. So, it's going to look more like a retargeting combo. You have to think about how people are going to interact on the page of the site. When I mentioned like that hyperaric chamber, of course, people aren't going to buy from the damn ad. Okay? And they're going to have questions and they're so you might as well cut them off right there. You got to think about how people are going to behave on your website and like what's going on in their heads. Top of that, what is most important to them? What is the result that they're looking for? That's all they care about. That's all they care about. So focus on that in your ads. And then once they see the result, convince them of the problem they have that's stopping them from getting the result. That's what you have to identify. And then you show them massive benefits, massive gain, or massive loss to get them on to the next site. And then you back it up with results, testimonials, whatever. Once they get to the page, your main goal is convince them that it works. And if you are doing B2B, the thing you need to convince them as is that they will make more money by plugging this in without any risk whatsoever. That's the thing you need to do to get people to buy in B2B. When it comes to ecom and other stuff like that, what I talked about, remember the pajamas, remember the skin care. All right? You have to show those studies, those results, those re those testimonials, those things convince people that it works and then give them a very brief grasp of how it works so they grasp it, they can explain it to themselves, and then they're going to buy. This is going to turbocharge your ads no matter what you're doing. You you could literally just have a a butt puppet talking, and you're going to see better results in the ads you're running right now if you're breaking these rules right here. So, this has been the video for today, guys. If you want to see the actual scripts and ads for this, well, um, they're linked right here. So, I'm going to go make a potion in the Chamber of Secrets now, uh, which is my new office. So, uh, I'll talk to you later. Bye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain A Facebook Ad Strategy That Made Me 100 Mil
VIDEO ID: FPSXDziI5C8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPSXDziI5C8
================================================================================

No, you internet marketing sleeves bag. The title of this video is not clickbait. I'm going to show you how I make millions of dollars per month from a single Facebook ad campaign. It's the simplest thing you've ever seen. In fact, I'm going to show you the most profitable ad strategy and ad method by far. I literally mean this be the most profitable thing you ever do. This mindset shift, this thing you're going to see that I do with my ads that almost no one does with their ads. If you apply this to your YouTube ads, your Tik Tok ads, your Facebook ads, I don't care what the industry is, you are going to see a massive return. You're going to see your ads make two, three, five, 10 times more than they usually would. You are going to see ads in scale wildly open up like they never had before because suddenly your ads are going to make so much more money that you don't even have to spot check how much you're paying for the ads. They're just so damn profitable, it doesn't make any sense. The cap of your ads is how big your audience is. And if you're wondering what qualifies me to tell you this, I built multiple eight and nine figure businesses fueled by ads. I run one of the fastest growing ad tracking companies in the entire world right now, Hyros, which has billions and billions of dollars a month in ad spend going through it that we're tracking. And I can see exactly what is working in the industries that you work in. And the reason I am telling you all this is simply because I want you to make a lot more money with your ads. So much money that you think to yourself, hey, I' I'd probably like to make even more money. I should probably track my ads because if I track my ads, then I'll accurately see where all my sales are coming from and make better ad decisions that make my ads more profitable. Thus, use Hyros. So, my goal here is just to blatantly help you out so you make more money and to decide finally to increase your ad revenue by 10, 15, 20% just by plugging in Hyros. By the way, if it doesn't get that result for you, you don't pay for it. But enough about that right now. Let me just show you. So, look, first things first, if you want your ads to actually be profitable, actually track them. I promise I'm not going to talk about tracking your ads for the entire rest of the video. You will actually see what's going to make your ads insanely stupidly profitable. But if you want the number one tip, you can see right here, here's how many calls I was getting for my ads were actually tracked properly by Hyros. Here's what Facebook report. You can see in this example right now where we had 39 calls, Facebook caught 15. We had 166 calls here. Facebook caught 100. I don't see how you expect to run your ads and e-commerce calls, SAS demos. I don't care what you're doing if you're missing 30% of your tracking data. I don't see how you expect to be optimized cuz you're going to turn off ads that are making you money. And if you turn off ads that are making you money, you make less money. So please, when the video is done, if I help you out, come use Hyros. That's why every big name in the industry like Tony Robbins or Alexi uses it. That's why giant brands like bodybuilding.com and Playboy use it. That's why all the biggest names and influencers in the ad space like Ben Heath suggest it. It really works. It's really good. And if you don't see the results I'm talking about here in your ads on scale, you don't pay for it. So, now that we've talked about the actual metrics right here, I want to introduce to you a really bizarre crazy idea when it comes to advertising. So, I want you to do a little thought exercise with me. And this thought exercise is going to be more profitable for you. This this 10 minutes is going to be more profit than you 100 200 500 more hours spend in your ad account. So, whenever I see questions come in, I do webinars with all of our customers at Hyros and I'm not pitching Hyros anymore. I promise. I'm just saying I talk to a lot of media buyers and I get tons of questions and I can answer these questions because I see billions and billions of dollars of ad spend being spent in what's working and people got their Facebook ads, they got their Tik Tok ads, they got their YouTube ads, and they got their basic front-end funnels. Every single question ties into how much should I be paying per lead? How much should I be paying per call? What's the proper targeting I should be using right here? What ads are working right here? And let me give you the conclusion I've got from all of this. The big reason why people don't think their business is scaling and their ads are not scaling their business is because they think it's something they're not doing in the ad manager. They think it's something with their front-end funnel. This is despite them spending hundreds and hundreds of hours in their ad manager and spending tons infinite amounts of time on their front-end funnel. Now, look, if you're a person that has put in 30 minutes a day in into the ad manager once every two weeks and worked on your front-end funnel, has tried like one front-end funnel and not tested very many things, yes, you probably can go and make a lot of headway by going and optimizing your ads and your front-end funnel. But if you're a person that is watching YouTube videos like this and working on your advertising, this is the stupidest thought process you can ever have. Let me explain. If you look at the and again, you just do what I'm going to tell you next and you're going to make twice the amount of money right after this video. I'm not joking, but you have to understand this part. So, look, you are looking at these things right now, your Facebook, your Tik Tok, your YouTube ads. So, backing up to this right now in paid advertising, ad targeting has never been more simpler. The AI and ad platforms what mostly do it for you. You can literally not even set targeting once you've got enough conversions in there. So, step one of any Facebook, Tik Tok, YouTube ads, get conversions. Step two, let their targeting do it for you. That's going to work in a lot of instances. Now, on top of that, the advertising, the ads themselves, the creative, the copy, you know what the best ones are. If you spend any amount of time and effort, and a lot of it consistently in advertising, which I'm going to assume hard work is a default here. I'm going assume you do that. You know all the best ads that are converting right now. You know the UCD templates. You've seen all the best ads and what's working for other people. You have YouTube videos of YouTubers literally breaking out all the best ads that are working right now. And then you can see all the ads in the stream working. And if anybody does exceptionally well, you hear about it in your industry afterwards. You know all the ads they're working. You know how to make them. You've probably made them yourself. Then next, the front-end funnel. Now, there's only so many funnels you can make. If you've been in digital marketing for any amount of time, you know the basic funnels. You know the book funnels. You know the basic e-commerce funnels. You know the advanced ones, the crazy weird ones, too. And I'm sure you've seen um a lot of times that really you've seen a lot of basic funnels take off. For example, if you look at Alex Herozy's bookfunnel and his ads, it's something that's been around for the last decade. If you look at a lot of e-commerce stores that are doing very well or have grown in the last few years, it's not anything new. It's not anything different. So, I'm by default, we know that there's really not something if you're doing a lot of work and the ad manager that's going to be the secret to all this and it's not something in your front-end funnel. If you've been doing this for any amount of time, you are probably within what I like to call the good enough range. Which means no matter what you do in the ad manager, no matter what you do in your funnels, you're only going to get a 10% 15% increase. And that's not enough to fix the problems with most ad campaigns. It's only enough to scale you a little bit further because the core problem is not the ads or the funnels. Listen to me here. Yes, your ads and funnels and ads and and all that stuff is very, very important. But let's look at it this way. Let's let's break this down to a simple e-commerce product. Now, this applies to call funnels, demos, SAS products, doesn't matter. But e-commerce is a very simple business model. Person comes from the ad, they buy. That's that's the funnel. So, we're going to stick with that situation. All right. So, person comes through the funnel right here. After all said and done, you even at your your best scale, you're at 120% margins right here, meaning you make about 20%. Okay? You're breaking even almost. And the second you start to push it, you start to lose money. And no matter what you do right here, you just can't scale it any further. You You keep going up a little bit, 10%, 15%, then you go back down a little bit. So, how do we go and double this business? How can we make this business's ads double? It's this simple. We get every single person that bought right here, we get 50% of them to buy one more time. That That's it. This will literally double the ROI, double the profits of these ads overnight. It's that simple. Now, I know what you're thinking. Oh, well, I have some creative funnel or something like that. There's a million different ways you can attack this right here. We could go and offer a creative remarketing campaign or a follow-up funnel through it. We could offer a really crazy affiliate offer. We could offer something reoccurring. We could go and actually have someone call them on the phone and start selling them other things. There's infinite ways we can start thinking here as soon as we stop thinking over here and we start thinking over here. Now, getting people to buy more is one way we could go and make this business a lot more money. How can we also make the ads convert more? How can we make the business work better? Well, if we go and look at, for example, let's think about Alex or Mosy's ads. He has he has a bookfunnel, I think. I believe I actually don't know what ads Alex is running these days, but I imagine he has a bookunnel and I imagine you see some other famous marketers running bookunnels. Why do their ads convert better than everybody else's? Why are they making more money and able to scale further? Because they have a better brand. That's it. So, if we want these ads to convert higher, we want to make them 200% on the front end, 250% on the front end. Where should we be working on? Should we be working on these ads or should we be working on our brand? What is the reputation that we have online? So, for example, I see a lot of people their products don't work very well. I'll get into that here in a second. And so, they don't have good reviews online. I can't think of a better way to kill your ad uh conversions than bad reviews and lack of testimonials. You know what is a great way to improve your converter conversions? Do the opposite of that. Get tons of testimonials and have a great brand awareness all over the internet. Even better, make sure people know who the f you are before they see your ad. How do you do that? Well, where should you be putting in a 100 hours of work right here? If this stuff right here is only increasing you 10, 15%. You should be putting it in your social media content and brand. So, for example, if I'm running, let's let's look look at Brian Johnson, one of the most successful e-commerce examples right now on the entire internet. Why do you think his ads absolutely money, which I guarantee they do? It's because everybody knows who Brian Johnson is and they like him before they ever saw an ad from him. So, the secret to making your ads convert is not what's going on right here. I guarantee you that the remarketing that's going on with Brian Johnson's uh campaigns is people that watch his videos and people interested in health products uh and people that have been to their website. I guarantee you that's all their advertising is. And so, what's going on over here is they worked on their brand. Okay, that that's just being famous beforehand. Now, you're thinking, well, you know what? What if I what if I'm not famous or what if my brand isn't famous? Maybe you should stop working here and maybe you should start working over here then because this is not working. You're not scaling it. Going and trying to scale a product that does not have a good brand online, that does not have well thoughtout funnels. That's that's not going to work out for you long term. It's very verying hard. That's the entire point of this video. I see everybody on these calls, everybody in these webinars that comes in and talks to me, what what cost per call should I be getting? What cost per lead? What should I be saying in the ads when you've already written 500 different ads and you've you've gotten the cost per call as low as it's going to go for your business. The answer is as low as you can get it while it's profitable and as long as if you get it low enough then you work on everything else. Okay, let's talk about some other things. Maybe you get the people to buy your product more times. How do you do that? Make the product better. I don't care. Talk to your customer. Find out why they're not buying it twice. I guarantee that if if if you come in here and you're selling a product right here, you're selling a software, an info product or something like that, and then the people aren't buying tons more of it afterwards, go and ask them why they're not buying more afterwards, and then fix the product and improve it so they buy it two times. Suddenly, your ads are money. Or you can go ask them, "What else would they be interested in buying?" Or, "What else would they be interested in looking at?" Sell that to them. Suddenly, your ads are making tons more money. Ask them to leave testimonials and reviews and product reviews all over the internet. Suddenly your ads are making way more money. Get on interviews, get on podcast, get your product out there. Suddenly people have seen your product beforehand. And your ads start making you way more money. It's intangible, but go look at how your brand is online. Like do you have a professional brand that really tells people, hey, you can like trust this product? It's awesome. What is the overall radar of what people think about your brand online? If it's nothing, that's bad. If it's bad, that's bad. If it's just lukewarm reviews, that's bad. Like, you're not going to be able to scale a business like that. The end. Finally, let's look at one of the last angles you can go with right here. Do something new like this. This is this is going to blow your mind again because it's so obvious, but instead of trying to go out there and make everything work right here, do something unique. One of the reasons why Hyros worked so well with ads early on, we got such a foothold in the industry because no one was doing what we're doing because we solved a unique problem. Okay? If you look at, for example, HIMS, um, they were they're the people who go and sell like, uh, ED pills and stuff like that, the dudes on the internet. What they did, and the reason why their ads absolutely blew up money is because they went and created a unique product and they solved the problems with delivering these products to men um, without having to go see a doctor. They solved that and then their ads blew up. So, if you're looking at your products and everything like, why why the heck am I not able to scale my ads further? Do something unique. Solve a new problem. If your business is making money, do something unique that other people are not doing so you're not competing with 500 other people selling the same exact thing. Sell something that nobody else ising selling. This is how you go and stand out. Another example of this, let's look at info marketing. For example, when Alexi, I'm going to use Alex all the time because he's just a really good example. He's great entrepreneur. So, back in the day when everybody was doing their ClickFunnel stuff and everyone was selling consulting courses, uh, copying Sam Ovenans, uh, Alex went and made a gym course teaching gyms how to do businesses. No one in the gym business was doing this. He made tons of money doing it. Now, there's like 500 gym consulting companies out there like Gym Launch. What's the point? Like, you're you're competing with 500 other talking heads right there. So, do something unique. My big point right here is I see people stressing out over their business and their ads. And the truth is you cannot go out there and get your calls, your sales that much cheaper. Like at Hyru, I know that like there's nothing I can say in my ads. There is nothing I can do in the ad manager itself and with the landing pages to get it g to get it much cheaper than it is right now. I' I've tried for years. I've done it over and over again. The thing that gets it cheaper and the thing that blows up high-risisk's conversions is when there's tons of really good testimonials online when people are suggesting in their YouTube videos when I'm releasing tons of content like this and you're interacting when they get a positive brand interaction with me to the CEO. It's the reason why it starts to grow is when we have a unique angle in our ads or we have a unique product that we're actually selling. When we have an offer that is actually good and different than all the other tracking companies out there. When we add features or things that are creative and unique, that's what grows the company. When we work on the brand and the testimonials and results and we show those results constantly to people and remarket them over and over and over, that's when the ads convert. Yes, this stuff matters 100%. But what people think about your brand, what you're doing, what you're selling, and people buying more and more and more is what's important. to finally tack on that last part. At H High-Ris, one of the reasons why I can be so aggressive with our ads is because of one thing. People don't leave. But it doesn't this isn't a high-risisk pitch, okay? If you have an e-commerce product, you have an info product, you have whatever, if people just keep buying from you, you can throw endless amounts of money at ads, you can just be reckless and unoptimized as hell, and your business is going to absolutely money. So, what I wanted to leave you with today is just this kind of passionate speech about looking at everything else except the ads. You're you're trying to find you're trying to find a way to make your business grow via the advertising instead of actually building the business properly and thinking about what people think about the business and making them stay at the business. That's really the core. The ads are really important. Having good targeting, having good ads, that's great. But everybody knows how to do that. Everybody knows how to do If you've been doing it for years like I have, if you're watching this, you're probably media buyer. You know your ads. Like, it's good enough. There's nothing you're going to say in a UGC video or some magic uh interesting creative ad you're going to shoot that's going to double the business. The only thing that's going to double the business is the things I've talked about. And as soon as you do those things, your ads will open up and everything you've been doing in ads the past few years is going to blow up the business as well. So, do it, please. If you want actual tactics on how to do Facebook ad targeting, here you go. We'll tell you everything I'm doing. It breaks it all down, even how to make AI ads and all sorts of other cool stuff. There's so much other information on this channel about advertising, the actual nuts and bolts of ads. I just wanted to get this video out. Thanks,

================================================================================
TITLE: This AI Facebook Ad Targeting Set Up Is Printing Money ($30k A DAY?!)
VIDEO ID: rk0Rwj_Yba4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk0Rwj_Yba4
================================================================================

So AI, video and image generation has changed literally everything. The cost for us to get a customer at Hyros and some of my other businesses has been cut in half by these workflows I'm going to show you in this video. Now, the last few videos I talked about making AI images and AI videos. If you want to see how to make the content for these videos, it's on the channel for free. I don't sell you here. Just go check out the videos. It's all check it out. What I'm going to show you right now is the testing and strategy that I use with these AI videos because right now this unlocks superpowers for anyone. I' I have an image generation company that I run on the site. It's one of my smaller businesses, but I've been on the cutting edge of creating images for ads and AI for uh almost a year and a half now. It hasn't really been applicable up until this point because you have to install stuff locally on a computer, train faces, train models, and even when you're using like really the cutting edge stuff, it's just not consistent with what you want to do with ads. So, it's just better to just paste one draw something. Absolutely not anymore. We've hit the singularity and any person who understands how to work these things consistently. You're an endless factory of good creative and content to use for ads. You can make 15 20 new top level creatives before your morning coffee every single day. It's nuts. And if you understand how to put the videos and it's just nuts. It's nuts. Go check out the other videos about that said. With great power comes great responsibility. And the thing is, you have to understand how to test these in your ad accounts and how to test new ads so rapidly and put these ads up and even use it to improve your existing ads. So, what I want to do in this video is show you the strategy we're using is really cut our cost to get customers down in half so that you can go do it as well. Um, why? Because on this channel, I don't have anything to sell you. I don't have some mastermind or some course to sell you. I just want you to use what I'm going to show you in these videos so that your ads money. And then when they start money, you're probably going to think to yourself, "Man, I'd like it if they more money and I could spend less while they could still money." And at that point, you're probably going to want to use my tracking company, Hyros. It's one of the largest tracking companies in the world right now. Our print tracking and AI when you put it on your Facebook ads, your Google ads, your whatever ads is going to show you 30, 40, 50% more sales that your ad track ad platform tracking is missing. When you use that data, you will run your ads so much better and make so much more money. It's insane. That's why thousands and thousands of people use Hyros. All the big names flashing across the screen. And if it doesn't increase your ad ROI by 15% at least, you don't pay for it. And we have thousands and thousands of customers. So, I can tell you straight face, the thing works and does everything I just talked about right here. So, you should come check it out the video because you'll make more money from your ads. It'll be night and day. But let's let's give you the chef's kiss content you came for. Let me show you this float that we're using that's really improving our ad. It's just it's nuts. Very excited about this. Let me show you. So, let me show you this pattern I've been following. And frankly, I think this is the best way to be testing ads in general in Facebook right now in 2025. I'm just using the AI catchphrase uh the clickbait you into this video to get you to watch. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. This is actually, in my opinion, the best way to be building your ad structures. If you're just a simpleton like me, there's some very complicated things you can do, but I am a stage five dumbass. This just straight up works. But also, with AI changing everything, we are having to test so much ad creative. And to do this correctly, we need a really simple process we can repeatably use over and over again to scale up our ads. So, let me show you how I do this and how we start on Facebook and then we grow it on Facebook and then we take it to Google Ads and then we take it to everywhere else. So, let me show you how this works. So, we're going to hop into my ad manager right here. So, I'm going to show you one super duper important thing right here. If you look right here and see the calls section right here and you look right here and see what Facebook caught right here, you can see the Hyru calls caught are just absolutely wildly not even anywhere close to what has been actually tracked by Hyru in this example right here. You can see for example, I was able to catch 76 calls here. And if we're looking at this result right here, it caught 35 calls on Facebook. What does this mean? Look, I don't want to sit here and show you hyros all video long. That's not my goal here. I want to show you this technique. I don't know how you're going to scale your ads properly if you're not tracking your sales, your revenue, your calls, your add to carts, everything properly. I don't know how you're going to do it. So, like step one of me doing this process right here is I have to see what calls are coming in. And I need to preferably see when I'm scaling my ads, which calls are generating revenue, which ones are generating long-term sales, which ones are converting, which ones are unqualified. if these are sales in general, if I'm running any other business, I have to see if the ad to carts convert. I don't know how you can run ads without tracking it. So, please after this video is done, if you are any level of serious ad runner, please stop by Harros, Tony Robbins, Alex Herozi, Cookfunnels.com, Playboy, Patrick Bet, David, Grant Cardone, Bodybuilding, everybody uses it. And if your ads don't scale and get the results I'm talking about in this video with it, you don't have to pay for it. Like, if your ads don't scale 15% using it, you don't have to pay for it. Seriously. So, please come check it out. video. Hyris is phenomenal. Use it. Now, look what we want to be doing is when it comes to AI test. I'm going to remove the the Hyris gadget right here just so we can see things a little bit more clearly. But you can see I'm able to test so many ads so fast. So, for example, on Facebook earlier, you should follow me there because where I kind of post a lot of my ad content if you want. Just Alex Becker Zero on Facebook. Don't follow my Twitter. Do not do not. That guy on Twitter has nothing to do with me. But anyways, I post on Facebook all a lot of my winning ads from last week. And so you can see all these ads I was able to generate really easily with AI really quickly. And the thing is each of these ads has like four or five different variants. So you can see like for example uh the Roids one right here. This one has um one where the bottle is smaller. Let me make sure you can see that correctly. You can. It has one where there's like the bottle's much bigger. This was actually the winning one. There's one where there's a body builder in it. There's one where it's white. And so you can see just how fast I can pump out ad creative. And so we need a way to test this very quickly. So you can see like for example with these ads, this guy busting in the door right here. I tested a whole bunch of different examples of them. All sorts of different stuff. We got got normal looking one. We got guy coming through with flames. Uh actually I did this these crazy news ones. You can see I got the guy coming through with flames. So you can just see how much creative I was able to test. literally last week. And so what I do every single morning is I just like wake up and I make four or five different creatives of like a different Joker comic and just chuck it up every single morning and I want to see which ones are going to be the winners. Now, here's how this is really effective and here's how we use it in two different ways. We want to use it with retargeting and we also want to use it with our main scalable ads. So, let me break down how I do this. It's actually really, really simple. So, first thing you really want to achieve inside your Facebook ads is you want to get a lot of conversions. Now, I've been running Hyros ads for years and so we have the the Hyru call conversion. Even with Facebook not tracking it correctly, we have thousands and thousands of calls that h that Facebook has tracked. So, we're able to give that to them. Now, what I'm going to suggest to you if you're just starting off or you don't have a lot of conversions, just set your conversion to a page that shows intent. So, for example, on the Hyros website, one thing that worked for me for a long time is I just set the conversion to be the call page. So if people navigated all the way to the call page, I just considered that a conversion and optimized Facebook around that. And then I'd also track the calls and as soon as we had enough calls, like 100, 200, that's when we flipped it over. Okay? So that's what you're going to want to do in that situation right there. Same thing would apply to e-commerce or anything else if you don't have enough sales. Of course, when you're working e-commerce, you usually stack up sales a little bit faster and able to do that. So, okay. So, what do we want to do? I'm just going to walk you through my exact process for one of my recent winning ads. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set the targeting to just pure good old-fashioned blank advantage plus audiences. I'm not I'm not doing any targeting whatsoever. You can see right here. All right. Um like none. Now, if your audience is based around specific genders, people, whatever, you can go in and set that right there. But once you have enough conversions, you can just let the audience plus run. It it's it's actually kind of groovy because you don't even have to think anymore. Now, what I suggest you do is you use audience plus audiences or advantage plus audiences, but try some of your best audience as well. Try a lookalike audience. Um maybe set the settings with like men only if you are in a specific business model or something like that. Of course, do that. But it's again, Facebook is going to pick up on those those attributes. But experiment with it. I tried every single way to get better results than the advantage plus. So, for example, I was doing a scaling campaign right here and I was doing it based on results page. Um, all sorts of different tests right here. And the ones that got the best results was, you can see here's one where I just did the Pure Advantage Plus. And then I Here's one where I just did a lookalike audience with our buyers in it. Okay? And so you can see that the one that just crushed it for us is Pure Advantage Plus. And so these are qualified calls that I track coming in um because of how our forms work and everything. So this is just printing money for us. Um at $250 a call at Hyros a call is like worth a,500 bucks to us, give or take, considering where it comes from. So this is just great for us. This is really good. Okay. But how am I going to go and test these new ads? How am I going to go import them into what's going on? So, I'm going to level with you right here. When I'm running these initial ads right here, I'm not really looking at the cost per call that's coming in right here. Now, you can see that sometimes we can get some really good results right here. So, this told me these ads right here were ready uh to be moved on up. Um this is a really good results. $214 per call. Really good. That being said, what I'm usually looking for right here, since these are new campaigns, just starting off, is I just want to see which ads are getting the clicks. I want to see which ones are coming through and then I'll just move them on over uh to the other one for testing. if I see some really good results. So, there's two ways you can go and test a lot of ads like this. So, what a lot of people like to do is they like to do one of these where they have a campaign where you go and you have all the adsets and campaigns compete against each other. I don't like this at all because you end up I don't know if you can see the reach over here. Let me slide this over for you. But you can see the reach only goes to one of the ads and so it just kills all the other ads. Now, that's not necessarily a bad thing, but for this testing, I'm trying to test a bunch of ads. And so, I don't I don't necessarily want just one ad to be ruling them all. So, what I do is I go and I just create a brand new ad set and I set it to advantage plus. And then I'm just going to put them in there. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at which ad performs the best out of these. And I'm just going to do about four or five of these every single week. So, print out four or five different ads every single morning and then see which one performs the best. Obviously, this one right here performed really, really well. Okay. So then what I'm going to do with these best performing ads is I'm going to do two things, okay, each week. So I don't have ad blindness. And this is really effective with retargeting, by the way, if you run a business like mine. Because for example, at Hyro, if you are in paid advertising, there's pretty good chance you've seen my ad. There's only probably maybe 50,000 100,000 people on planet Earth actively spending over 20 50,000 a month uh media buying. Okay? So, it's not particularly hard for me to reach every single potential user and customer with with my high-risisk ads. This is not the same if you're like selling deodorant via e-commerce ads. The world is full of stinky okay? There's billions of them. So, you could just run you could spend million dollars a day on Facebook and never reach all of them. Okay? So, a little bit different situation right here. I really have to worry about ad blindness in my niche. So, constantly having new ads up is very beneficial to me. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and find the ones that win in each category. So, that one won right there. Um, let's see. This one right here. This this this pilot one right here. This is a winning ad and this one. All right. So, this one won right here. And so on so forth. So, then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and take these over to my main scaling ads right here. Okay. And so, you can see what I do is I just like to make one giant pure advantage plus. I tried being creative and doing all the technical stuff. it doesn't work anymore. All right, the actually this visits one might have a little bit of potential right here. Um, and this one right here actually did pretty damn good, but I think it kind of fell apart later on. So, I might actually want to come back and play with this audience right here. And so, I'm just going to show you this audience right here that's been working well for us. This one right here is just a list of buyers and customers from the past few years. So, this one I think started outperforming once we started breaking into a larger higher scale. Anyways, coming down to these ads right here. So then what I'm going to do with these ads this week is I'm going to go in and I'm going to try and kill my top ads. So I like to keep my four best ads running. Okay. Now what you can also consider doing is what I suggest doing is also creating an image only test of this. Okay. So for me right now video ads are doing very very well. But what I'm about to do is create a same audience like this but it's going to be images only. Okay. And see how that performs. But what I'm going to try and do is I'm going to go and import these images into this and I'm going to put all four of them in there and I'm going to try and kill it down to the best four and then just repeat that every single week. And so that works really, really, really well with the ad testing. And so this is how we've gotten a really good mix of ads. They're all performing really well and getting us a really good cost per call. Now, here's the even more creative part. What I'm going to then do also is I'm going to go over here and move on to a retargeting because if if you're running a business like mine and any business really retargeting is absolutely clutch key where you're going to be really for my business doing a lot of damage in terms of awareness because what I want to do you have to understand how I run my ads is I want to get an ad buyer to my site any way possible with the main ads and then I want to constantly be reminding them that Hyros exists. Why? So with my business model, my entire goal is to be like Geico because if you run advertising, I mean, for example, if you just go look at the campaigns right here, if you run paid advertising and you're not using tracking, you just literally are not seeing accurate data coming into your business. Like it's it's so infinitely off on Google and Facebook ads, like it's not you're not you're not running realistic ads if you're not using some type of tracking like Chyros. So, I know that when people run media buying campaigns or whatever, eventually, as soon as they're making any bit of money, they're going to need tracking. So, what I want to do is I want to constantly be slamming them over the head with retargeting ads. Okay? And so, you might not see the calls coming in right here, but I know these things are doing the business because, well, we ask a lot of people when they come in through our calls. And again, a lot of our traffic from Hyros comes in organically, but the way people are discovering it is from these ads. And so what is happening, people is clicking these initial ads, these first ones over there, and they're booking their calls or whatnot, but then eventually we're going to hammer them over the head with these ads right here. And so what I really want to do is I want them to see the most memorable ads and then get hit over and over and over again with them. Okay? So this is something you should consider doing with your business, especially if you're like in software or something else. You always want to be on the customer's mind. So what I like to do is I go and take the best ads every single week and I put the best one. You can see I have the best one right here. the best one right here, the best one right here, and I go and I put them all in there just at very small daily ad spins because again, we only get about maybe 30, 40,000 visitors a month to the higher site. It's not a lot. It doesn't take me very much money to reach all of them. Okay, so I can go right here and be reaching a couple thousand people every single day. If I wanted to push it a little bit further, I could. But what I want to do is I want them to constantly be seeing new ads, okay? because they're I don't want them to get ad blindness to our other retargeting ads, which they see all the time. They see all the time. So, I want to constantly every single day I want to be delivering them a new chuckle or some new type of image ad that they're going to see. Okay? And so, that's how I like to run those when it comes to retargeting ads. Of course, you can see that we have some of our other retargeting ads and everything else running right here, the more long scale ones, but I like to keep hitting them with new ads every single week. So, this is something you can do for cold audiences with your retargeting audiences. Now, one other thing I'm going to show you is as soon as I see that we do have a winning ad, so for example, this this ad right here, the steroid ad that I showed you earlier on was doing very, very well. All I'm going to do is when I see a winning ad that wins not only in the cold audiences but in retargeting and it its main clips, I'm going to go and I'm going to generate the ad in different formats and I'm going to pump this baby to all the other ad networks. So on GDN, I'm going to go over here, hop over to GDN and pow, pop over this advertisement to GDN and start running it here as well. So you can see I I have tons of different formats for it. And so that's one thing I suggest you do. We're going to go and test all of our image ads on Facebook. And then GDN is really, really, really good right now if you're experimenting with it. And if you take your best image ads, which for example, YouTube is just terrible right now for B2B at least. But image ads on GDN doesn't have the same problem that YouTube has, which I believe the problem of YouTube is everybody has uh YouTube plus now that makes over $10 a year because no one's going to watch ads on that platform. like 45 seconds to watch a a clip of Taylor Swift petting a cat. No, I'm not going to do that. So, image ads uh I think are doing very very well in GDN right now. Search ads are doing very very well because you don't have that same ad blindness problem and very few businesses actually run GDN ads competently. So, you can really retarget your customers with these new ads the same way I described it in this video. So, that's the process I'm using for testing on these AI ads that we've been talking about the last week or so on the channel. I'll probably talk about GDN and some other stuff here in the next video when we're talking about AI ads and scaling these up. That's kind of where the real secret sauce is at the moment. But, uh, I'm not going to do that in this video because I want you to watch the next video and then maybe maybe check out Hyros after this and stop losing all sorts of money on your ads. So, that being said, I'll see you in the next video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain My $52k A Day AI Video Meta Ads (Exact Workflow)
VIDEO ID: yyO4nwNwqqI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyO4nwNwqqI
================================================================================

if you want to scale and make more money from Facebook ads not having this makes you a clown so the title of this video unlike other videos is actually 100% accurate I've been making these AI ads that you're seeing right here on Facebook and they have been killing it this has cut our cost to get a call down nearly in half the cost to get a sail down nearly in half it is Shing money I'm very excited about it because what I'm going to show you in this video is my workflow to create these things and I if you do not know have a image generation company I was running I was a CEO of one and uh that's the side business I don't really talk about my other software companies here long story short I've been on The Cutting Edge of this for a while I've been using image generation on my computer training models and whatnot for a long time but it hasn't been good enough to use for ads consistently yet it hasn't been something that most people can put their hands on and get impact and change their entire ad Revenue business whatever with immediately and now it is I if you can't tell I'm a little bit excited here because what you're able to do with this stuff right here is shocking and it's shockingly easy for the first time to the point that anyone can do it I mean heck I've even successfully turned myself into a big boobed blonde I know some of you guys are into that it's really why you've been coming to this channel but I mean the the the possibilities here are endless and so what I'm going to show you right now is my exact flows for creating these types of video ads I'm going to make some image ad videos later on this week so you should subscribe to the channel and I'm going to show you my whole AI video training workflow here a little bit later on for ads but today I just want to show you a workflow for your ads that anybody can use and more so I want to show you how I'm using this with my ads to really drop the cost for everything and get calls and sales much cheaper by applying it to my existing ads you can just copy and paste this on what you're already doing and so what I'm going to do now is just show you my exact flow for that because on this channel I tell you everything I know for free because uh a I've already made a ton of money and two I don't have some Mastermind or or course that I want to sell you right now I simply just want you to maximize your ads make a sh ton of money and then when you make a of money you're probably going to want to track your ads accurately so you see your accurate data to scale with and so you don't burn and lose all your money which is when you're going to start using hyos my tracking company which literally everyone oning planet Earth uses that's a big name and you should too because if it doesn't grow your ad Roi on your ads you literally don't pay for it come check it out after this video it's wonderful but enough of that I'm not going to pitch you any more hyros at least for another 5 minutes we're going to get into this flow okay so I want to show you a super duper simple workflow um for this and it only takes a little bit of basic eding so if you have an editor um or you can I you could just literally train someone on your team to do this it isn't that hard if anyone on your team has ever worked with editing or you've ever worked with editing or you spend a whole fiveing minutes in 2025 to learn how to edit videos and dript or something like that it's not hard you can do this right here so let me walk you through how I made this video right here that's coming across the screen right now uh all the different angles all the the everything uh from start to finish all right so look we're in uh chat GPT right now maybe you've heard about it's a very small startup company uh I think I think they've they're making at least hundreds of dollars right now um I don't think they're going to be doing well in the future but who knows all right so what what we do here so first thing I did is I went and took a picture of myself you can see me here looking all old and flabby and uh don't tell anyone I'm aging but uh you just there you go take a picture of yourself I think you know to do that motherucker all right so then what I did it's very simple and I'm sure you've seen these Studio gibl things out of here and so I'm not here to teach you how to type in the uh chat GPT I'm here to teach you how to get the base for these videos because you can't just put this in here and it that makes a video so I'm going to walk you through this if you haven't seen the gibl stuff and you're living under a rock that's fine um but remake this image in studio gibl style and uh make in a hat and filming himself selfie style talking me so you see generates this picture right here okay um and so what I then did is I want to make a series of different videos from this so the first thing I did right here is I made this picture I made this picture and I converted myself into a girl right here because you know let's get freaky and weird with this I I if I don't have to hire actors for ads that's incredible I can just literally cosplay a hot blonde chick with big boobs and get people to buy my stuff from all over the Internet it's a dream come true that the singularity is awesome okay so the next thing we're going to do is we're going to come over to hedra okay so a lot of people are like oh look make Studio gibli things and when I saw I'm like okay screw making little memes for my family let's use this to just manipulate the people on the internet and get them to buy things so of course my mind just started turning majestically here so I immediately went and and started throwing this in here and now you have to understand AI editor I want to give you a lot of money image Generation stuff in the past but the whole thing that is unlocked here is the fact that chat GPD allows you to actually describe things and it accurately gets it right most of the time like if you're using stable diffusion on your computer or something like that which I use and we'll talk about that more when we get into the image ads um you're not really able to like say do this thing do this thing do this thing do this thing and like describe how the picture should look you have to use like lots of weird prompts and talk to it in like code and even then it's not going to come out correctly you can actually talk to it and make base images in chat gbt which is where this excels it's not really good at like doing face swaps or like specific things it's really good at giving you like your base image but that's about where it stops I don't think Sora is that good for making ad videos so that's where chat cppd kind of stops what is really good for making videos is head run I'm going to show you a few different layers here cuz the first thing you do is you just make a a image talk that's not where we're going to stop okay we're going to do a lot of more freaky stuff but you can do all sorts of stuff like for example in chat gbt convert yourself to a picture and then animated it's like so here's a picture of me in anime style um for my crypto stuff if you ever seen that it's terrible please don't ever watch it but you can do this you can go and anim animated photo but then what you can actually do is you can then upload a video of you speaking and you convert it to another Voice or just use your voice so for example um here's the initial video right here if you were on Facebook Google ads I applied this to 150 businesses Facebook so what I did is I just took one of my higher converting ads and I just I just took the audio from it and the video starts off with me talking into the video and I just took the audio and import it in here and so when we go down here we'll just go to uh create new video and then you'll add in the video you add in the let me make sure you can see this right here I'm just doing this all live because I'm lazy I'm not going to go and edit this after so you're just going to have to deal with that but you come right here and you're going to go and add a image and you're going to add a script and then you can go um upload the audio okay and I'm just going to go right here I'm just going to type in the script right here just whatever and you can choose a voice and make it play okay so just pick a person's voice press play and uh let's see what this actually says GFS so gibberish right there but anyways I'm going to show you the final result after we upload audio because I think this is all pretty self-explanatory once you see this I think you're going to get it so anyways the final thing is you can go and upload audio and it will be yourself talking it will make the image match your talking you can see right here I did it with another uh studio gibl if you want Facebook Google ads I applied this to 100 so that's pretty cool but that's everybody's going to be doing that you know you don't want to just stop there okay we can also convert ourself to a girl if you want Facebook Google ads I applied this to 150 businesses Facebook and Google ads that's great that one actually did the lowest conversions I was surprised by that is this anime one that did the best Okay so that's level one of course we can just go and take our ads or take little clips of these ads and do like maybe the first five second five 10 seconds like this that's what I was doing with my ads that worked really well I don't think that's going to work very well for a long period of time because everybody in their dog can do that we want to go to a level that other people cannot and so if you want to take this to the next level what you do is when you see which ad is converting or which character is converting the highest what you do is one I wanted to see if the the girl could do it so I made a bunch of different videos with the girl on here but the she didn't convert this highly as I thought I did so this guy right here he's the be's knees he just he just brings and apparently all the dudes that run ads they see that and they just get they just get their pants get tight all right and when I say Johnny goodlooking converts I mean we're here's some of the tests right here you can see in this one just from like the past day or so that we've been running these tests right here um we're getting sometimes on on normal hris ads we're getting 200 300 $400 price per call which is fine because of how our company Works we're getting $96 calls on this one and it's just crushing for us by the way you should be using hros tracking because I wouldn't be able to track literally any of this um Facebook ads caught four calls right here we had 13 calls just come in from this test so I mean I don't see how you're running your ads with half your data and not seeing where almost half your sales are coming from it's probably it's it's 100% losing you money you should come check out hyos after this and just plug it in because we guarantee you'll get better stats that you can then plug into your ad AI it will improve your targeting more and you get cheap clicks and make tons of money like we do but seriously though like we guarantee you'll get these results you should come and stop using this data because it's not accurate and run your ads with accurate data it tends to help the ads do better anyways back to the content so we're going to use Johnny goodls here which looks exactly like me we all know you don't have to tell me I know um so we're use Johnny goodls here AKA Alex Becker and what I then did is I took that original image and I said okay start generating pictures of him different angles so I'm thinking of all the different frames and stuff I want to use for videos now this is really quick and easy to do if I wanted to sit down for like a couple hours and do this I could make like a complex movie like video doing this this is to me just throwing sh at the wall uh I'm probably going to train someone on my team uh to build these type of videos and then they're going to spend all their time doing I don't have time to do this all day but if you're just getting started or whatever the potential is endless so I'm telling it to give multiple different pictures of me in different poses um can you create this character an image of this character but zoomed up and not close to his face in a way looking down at the view with big eyes keep uh the big color base everything format identical so it generates this picture right here and then I wanted to put in the clown face and I'm just telling it these prompts right here you can see like can you create an image of this character but zoomed up an noxiously close to his face uh put him in a clown makeup with the same expression please keep the color balance format the same voila you're going to you're going to prompting this isn't like prompting in stable diffusion or some other softwares it just translates to English you can just talk to it like it's a thing or a person person and they create these images so now what we're going to do my my friendly Pokmons is we're going to go and shoot new ads we're going to do little 5-second voice clips and so if we want to make an ad where it shifts between multiple different angles and faces here's what we're going to do so like the end result of this ad if you want to scale and make more money from Facebook ads not having this makes you a clown seriously we put this on 150 sites running Facebook 15 at least saw a 15% increase in ad wi let me repeat all 15 100% and all they had to do was paste this little line of code let me show you here's how this so you saw what I did right there and I'm going to break that down now okay I just wanted to show you kind of the end product so you understand what what we're we're trying to achieve here so obviously you see those multiple angles and everything going in you see the text and everything how do we do this so if you're smart you can probably already piece this together so what I do is I shoot 5-second audio clips and then what I do is I paste each one of these images in here so you see I start with the clown face and I put the audio in not tracking ads you are a clown okay so I did the one where I actually had my voice on it if you want to scale and make more money from Facebook okay and then what I do is I then I download that clip and I throw it into Camtasia and what I'm going to do is I'm just going to edit them together seriously we put this on 150 sites running face you see how that works pretty damn simple and all they had to do was paste this little line so you're going to make a new image and you want to keep the character consistent and you can make stuff so for like example I'm doing one with like this fat guy right now do you want your Facebook ads to make more money hi I'm Greg I buy media and I so that's s be like the beginning of the ad and you can just paste them all together now what I really suggest you doing I'm going to get into this more on my ad strategy is you don't want to make like entire ads about this you want to start the ads with like different characters see which one gets the best clicks and then what you want to do is maybe do like the first 15 20 seconds of your ad like that okay I'm going to get into the strategy a little bit in in the next videos here in a week or so so be sure to subscribe and so that's how you piece them all together and then with those the the the text and everything like that either send it to an Editor to do that for you are use one of the text generation AI apps that's on the internet been around forever and you can add the text and the overlays on top of it um with the effects and voila with that all being said we have these ads done ready for us and this took me about this is my first time doing this I have a bunch of other ones that are going up right now so they're even better than this one but this took me like 45 minutes and that's with trial and error I can get this process down to about 20 minutes and pump out one of these every single morning if I want uh don't even get me started on the image Generation stuff so this is the process and again the thing I would also suggest as well if you're going to do this you're going to see which ones are actually making you money when you're testing all these ads please I beg you track them with hyros you can see right here we are tracking literally seven times the calls as Facebook is catching right here I wouldn't be able to test these ads accurately if I was not using hyros tracking because we have all these funnels and stuff and sales that happen after that and I mean if you're just running your ads again without hyos you're Flying Blind and you're guessing what the your ads and I don't know why you're doing that cuz it's making you make so much more less money and you could just try hyros and we guarantee it will make you more money from your ads like you get an Roi we literally tracking double the calls because our tracking's improved so much over the years to like superb AI crazy level so you should use use hyros with this it'll make you a lot more money and I think that's what you're here for so what else do I want to yell at you right now as I bring this up so I have nothing else to yell at you about you should subscribe to this channel because I share lots of cool like I just did in this video and I'm G to be sharing even more AI ad stuff that you can use for your Facebook ads to um not pay artists and produce cheap crap that gets people to buy stuff from your internet so

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain How Facebook "Story Ads" Net Me $24k A Day
VIDEO ID: 9mkDmdjMS9o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mkDmdjMS9o
================================================================================

This manipulative process I'm going to show you right here gets people to view your ads and do what you want, which is really the goal of an ad. If you're running ads where you don't want people to view them, and you absolutely don't want them to do what you want, this is not the video for you. Just off. Go and watch some Tik Tok reaction video, I can't help you. But if that the the thing I mentioned previously, manipulating people on the internet very effectively to give you money is what you're seeking. Woo! this video. Woo! This is going to get you going because I'm going to give you a process for ads or really any content, but specifically for ads shrinking on this that gets people to not only watch your ad, but follow all the way through and then desperately need to click and then buy or do whatever the heck you want them to do on the opposite side of that ad. It's because the way that humans understand and want to do anything is through loops. And in this instance, story loops. They have to see the premise, the trailer for what they want in a very specific way that not only hooks them at the start, but then makes them say, "I want to see more at the end of it." And this is by using stories in our ads in a very specific templated way, which is great for you because this isn't going to require you to think. You could just copy what I'm doing right here. This for me has worked and built me multiple eight figureure businesses. It's built me a nine-figure business. And across billions of dollars worth of ad spend, which I see because I'm the CEO of Hyros, one of the largest tracking companies in the world, I consistently see story type ads, or at least ads that encompass this story-like mentality that I'm going to show you in this video, do exceptionally well. They have very high clicks. They have very high engagement. And a lot of times, if the offer on the other side of them doesn't suck ass, it sells a lot of that offer, too, because all the real work to selling that offer is done in the original ad. So, what I want to do in this video is I want to show you how this works without any course or mastermind to pitch you. It's all laid out here. There's no secret tip you have to pay me $59.99 for. And the reason for that is because I want you to go make so much more money with the content on this channel from your ads that you eventually think, "Wow, I'm making a lot of money. I'd like to make more money. Maybe I should track my ads and not run them like a drunken baboon and use Hyros," which literally everybody does. Maybe you already use it or you don't. And if you don't, well, everybody's using it. What are you doing, dork? You track your ads. It's important to see where your sales are coming from so you can get more of them and optimize your ads. I know it's a foreign thing, but please, once you make more money from this video, use it. So, that being said, let me show you what I like to call this storybook method to get people to not only watch your ads, but do what you want in your ads and then be hooked the entire way through. So, let's get into it. So, as always, the best way to explain this is with our very lowquality drawing board app presentation. I know you guys come here for the dog content. We're gonna keep it chef's kiss coming to you just the low quality content you've come to expect. So look, in order to get people to do stuff, you have to get their attention and you have to really you you have to make them want to complete an action. And the best way to make people to complete an action is to realize where you can remove holes in communication that pique their interest and make them want to keep the communication going. So the perfect way to really put this an example for you is when you watch a movie or a television show that's particularly gripping. The reason why you're watching it and the reason why you stop watching it when the show is complete or the story is complete is because the human brain has very specific needs to complete stories or complete loops. And what a story really is is a bloop that is done in such a way that you have to keep filling in the next blank, the next blank and the next blank. If you ever watch Harry Potter or any movie that you love, let's say Lord of the Rings, uh Frodo gets this ring and now it's going to cause all sorts of hell on earth if it's not thrown in Mount Mortar. What happens next? You can see there's a loop that has to be completed right there. And so the way people get moved through stories or movies or any good gripping content is there's this unfulfilled loop that they must always complete and the loop doesn't let them go until the end of it. It's not even really about the story. It's about the quality of the loop. On top of that, the most powerful human emotion there is is FOMO or fear of being left out or fear of not doing the most cutting edge thing or not knowing something that everybody else knows. If we can combine these two things together, we really can get people um interested in whatever the heck we're doing, even if it's not uh remotely unique or even one of their their interests. You can hook people that aren't even interested in like, I don't know, women's makeup into this process just by using this type of story loop right here. So, I'm going to walk you through this right here. Now, an example of these ads and me walking through scripts like this is linked below this video. And no, it's not a course or some mastermind. It's just another video on this YouTube channel. I just don't want this this video to be 30 minutes. So I'm going to explain the mythology and psychology and hysterology and things that end withology in this video and then you can go watch the script and everything broken down yourself after this video is done. So let's start from the very beginning right here and what's most important. So what we want to really focus on throughout this entire process I'm going to lay out to you is we want it to remain vague and complete and we never want to answer the story especially in the ad. What people do in ads, I'm just going to move up the video right here because we don't need to draw, is what people do in ads, it's a big mistake, is they try and explain everything they're doing and and get the whole entire story laid out there and make the person understand how it works. So, for example, at Hyros, we sell AI tracking and optimization that when you plug it in, it's going to make your ads much more profitable. I don't want I don't care if people understand how it work, particularly in the ad. I don't even care if they understand how we do it. If you look at a lot of our ads and hire us, which you can click at below this video, um there's all sorts of ads I've ran throughout my career when it comes to e-commerce or info marketing or whatever. I don't care if the person even understands how we're doing. I don't even care if the person understands that tracking. My goal with an ad is to get someone to click and want to learn more. I have to get them off of Facebook. I have to get them off of Instagram. I have to get them off of YouTube where there's Taylor Swift videos and cat videos and Only Fans girls shaking their ass every other scroll down. I have to get them away from that. They're not going to do anything I want when that type of is going on. I have to get them on my site and wanting to learn more. And then when they get to the the site, again, we don't want to complete the loop there either, but that's a whole other different game that is also explained below this video. It's what you should put on pages to get people to convert after. Everything's on this channel. You should never leave. But what I'm trying to do in an ad is we have to remember that we're trying to get the person to click and come for more information. We're not trying to explain to them anything. We don't want them to understand anything. So, you're like, "Hey, do you want to see uh Lord of the Rings? Here's every single thing that happens in the movie." No, we don't want to do that. We just want to show them the opening scene where like Froto puts the ring on and disappear. I don't I don't know. I'm not explaining. We want to show them the opening scene where Harry's getting a flood of letters from the wizardry school and you're like, "What the is going to happen next here? Why is there some fat giant man kicking down his door?" You want to see what's going on here. You don't want to be like, he gets invited to a wizardry store and then kills Voldemort. Spoiler alert, Harry Potter beats Voldemort in the first book if you didn't know. If you're under the age of 10 and you've never read that book, I'm I've just ruined it for you. But you don't want to tell them what happens. You want to get them to that point. So, how do we do that with our ads? So, the first thing we're going to do right here with our ads is we're going to start with a story slashbenefit. Now, what do I mean by that? There's two ways you can do this. You can tell the story of someone else getting a result or you can simply call out the person and talk about how you're getting a result using something they've never heard of before in both instances right here. So, if you go and look at the ads below, one of them you're going to see is where I'm selling people an infoarketing course. Um, and I talk about the results that person A got using this weird Walmart hacky method. Okay? And so, the reason why I say Walmart hacky method is because I don't want people to understand what I'm saying. I want them to think it you you want it to translate to how this person got this result doing something you've never heard of before but should know about. So what I like to use is I like to use similar type of wording like Walmart which is very real which people relate to but then also make it seem like something they don't understand or they never heard about before. So using this Walmart espionage method or something like that. So, it's something they understand and something they don't understand to relate to something that they feel they could grasp, but they don't actually understand what it is, which makes them want to hear how they got the result. Two, you can just literally call it out. Are you a person that runs ads and wants to see 15% more? Okay. Um, from this, I'm going to show you how we did this with this thing that you've never heard of and are not doing because you're kind of stupid. That's that's not what we're I'm trying to convey in ads. But what I'm trying to make the person do is feel a little bit insecure. Because if you ever look at like media buyers for example, if you're a media buyer watching this, which is the audience for this channel, I'm going to tell you something about yourself, you get a little bit insecure constantly because there's always people that are upping the ante when it comes to running ads. And so you're constantly thinking, oh, what's this this thing I'm missing out on? What's this ads I'm missing out on? What's this one thing I'm not doing in the ad platform manager that I'm missing out on? If you look at all the best media ad buying content internet, it's always like this one thing you're not doing that everybody else is. That's what we want to get going. And so we we do this by entering the story like this. So if you see the ads for hires, it's going to be you know this one thing um is increasing ads by 15%. It's AI print tracking. Now what we want to do is again connect it to something that they believe that they don't already know. So if you look at the ads for Hyros for example, I I connect it to AI print tracking. Now what is AI print tracking optimization? I don't actually know. I made up the word like four years ago. It's just a fancy word for um I don't I don't actually even know what it means. At Tyrros, we do a lot of top tier tracking and a lot of things that other people don't do that allow us to track ads and optimize them with AI. But to sum up all the cool fancy stuff we do, I just made up a big broad term that nobody understands. Why? Because when we start the story of how this person got a result or how you can get results, we want to connect it to something that they don't understand. Why? Because when they don't understand it, then they think that they're missing out on something. And so this whole entire story loop just opened up that leaves them feeling insecure or missing out and that there's this piece of information that they don't understand that they need to complete. So we connect it to this vague slightly relatable thing AI print tracking. Now what's what's how does the AI work? All right. What is print tracking? How does isn't tracking connecting an attribute? How does how does how is this different than other tracking? All these questions pop up. And that's really what we want to do. We want to connect the result to a bunch of terms or terminology or story that creates tons of questions. It doesn't answer anything and we just want to keep building on these questions. Now, what people really care about this is this result and then figuring out the mystery of the result. So, the number one thing we don't want to give them when we're running ads is this because this is what's going to hook them around. We don't want to we don't want them to understand how the result is and we don't even want them to understand what we're doing. We want them to feel almost more confused and needing to click at the end of the ad. So, what we're then going to do is we're going to follow this exact pattern right here. All right. So, we already have them hooked with the storybook opener right here. What we then want to do in this instance is connect it to a big bet that works or a big bet slash sign of strength. So, when I was doing infoarketing ads, for example, um it was like the story of how this person made this much money doing the weird Amazon espionage thing. And to prove how consistently it works, we're going to do this live in front of you uh during a full call and get to $200 a day with this store. So, what is this? This is like a feat of strength. This is if I'm saying like, look, I have this this creatine powder that increases strength 150%. And what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to give it to a ton of people live in this video right here on the other side of this ad. And we're going to track their before and after results within one day of each other. And you're going to see the huge gains across 20 different people. This is some big giant feet of strength bet. This creates like this, hey, this result right here that you don't understand is incredible. And we're going to do something crazy to prove that it works. Okay. What I do at Hyros right here is I make the big AI tracking, the big announcement or whatever of how it improves people's ads, which it does across 4,000 plus businesses, pretty much every big name on the internet. When people sign up for Hyros and use it, they see 15 to 20% increases in their ads. Because if you don't track your ads and you don't use that data to optimize your ads, you're going to get worse results. I don't see how people expect to run their ad accounts accurately when you're only seeing 60% of your sales and none of your long-term revenue coming in. I mean, look at my ads just right here for Hyros. Facebook is tracking like 60% of the calls that we're doing. If I was running my ads off Facebook data, I would not have a business. I would not be able to run my ads because I don't know which ads are profitable and which ones are killing it. And the way you grow ads and the way you make more money is you find the ads that are killing it and you scale them and you can't see what ads are killing it if you don't track it. I'm not going to get into that anymore. I think you guys all know what it does. That's my slight hybrid show for the video. Let's get back to the actual content. But what I'm going to do in those ads is I'm going to say, "Look, if you or the way you know that this works is that if this does not deliver the result that it's looking for, aka you don't see this result right here, you don't pay for it." And this has worked across 4,000 plus businesses. So, you know that if this didn't work, we wouldn't have a business model right here. What I'm doing right here is I'm making a big bet or a fit of a feat of strength. Okay. So, the final way to really explain this is like there's this really famous golf ad where this guy says, "I'm going to hit this ball 400 yards, and I'll I'll prove it to you right now." And then he hits it 400 yards. You want to set up some type of story where if people click, the worst thing about that ad I just brought up is that he solves the whole entire story in the ad itself. You want to say, "Hey, if you come click this video right here, you come click this, I'm going to hit this ball 400 yards 10 times in a row right in front of you." because we want to get them isolated before we actually start hitting them hard. That's just one thing that's throwing in right there. But we want to make some big bet of strength or feet of strength or some big bet to lure them in because they want to see if this bet actually pays off. All right, so that's the next thing we want to do in our ads. Then what the person is looking for in this ad right now is for you to explain how it works. We're not going to do that at all. What we're going to do is we're actually going to qualify it. So, what I'll do at info businesses is I'll collect all of our results and testimonials and say, "Look, you're going to have to click this ad to see what I just talked about on the other side, but here's the endless amount of testimonials and results of people that have gotten results." And then you show tons and tons of results. What I'm going to do at Hyros is I'm going to show all the famous customers that we have and all the big brands and all large businesses that we have. than than all the thousands and thousands of other testimonials that we have to say, "Look, I don't have time to explain this in this video, but here's absolute undeniable proof that this works." And then what we're going to do in the ad is we're going to tell them what to do next and a reason to do it now. So, when we're doing this, we want to tell the person what to do next. Obviously, a lot of people just don't tell people to click the ad or don't tell people to move forward and don't tell them what to do on the next page. What we want to do is we want to tell them that they need to move now and set this up. So, there's m multiple different ways we can do this. If you're using an info business or an ecom business, using specials, discounts, some type of lower to get people to click the ad is absolute bangers. And I think you should use that especially when you're retargeting because then you can really if they sell the first offer and you offer them a special offer, they're much more likely to jump into that special offer. If you show people the special discounted offer right away, it's not special. So, you can use all sorts of things like that. At our info business, we use like, for example, this presentation is limited or, you know, we're only doing a few of these a week kind of thing. Now, of course, with infoarketing, that's a little bit tongue-in-cheek where you're always doing some special discount or some special weekly thing, but it just gives people a reason to click. Now, okay, at Hyros, what I like to do is I like to just basically point out every single day you're not doing this, you're losing money and not able to move forward with this. This is not as strong as a discount or a scarcity based reason or some time or or something exclusively they're going to get or miss out on. However, having some reason for them to click now is just what you want to finish up the ad with. And what we want to focus on right here is we created this story at the very start of the ad. We we started Lord of the Rings and then we literally didn't tell them anything about what happens next. And they still want to know the answer to this damn story. But now what they also know throughout this is that the story is very good. I introduced that I the idea of AI print tracking to them and they want to know what it is and all I've done is just verified that it absolutely rocks with the info marketing or e-commerce story that I talked about before how this person right here went and was able to get a house with how much money they made from this certain thing. All I did after that is I didn't ever tell them how the story ends. I just simply verified that the story is 100% real and delivers the result and all that stuff they're looking for. So, aka this movie is really good. And so, that's what we want to be doing in our ads. You never want to just answer the loop or or even halfway complete the loop when you're creating an ad. What you want to do is you want to get them hooked and very interested in the story and then verify that the story delivers the juice that they're looking for. Then once you get them to the page itself, there's a whole other game to be played when it comes to bombing them with results and making the story work with this ad and completing it. Which is why as soon as you finish this video, you should watch one of the videos below that breaks down the scripts for these ad. You It's literally word for word what you should be writing into it. On top of that, I break down the pages, how I sell from the pages, everything that works. This stuff absolutely drives massive amounts of clicks from Facebook, YouTube ads. And as the years have progressed, I have not been able to find a format that ad or a format of ad that works better than this. So go watch those videos. That's the video for today. You have more content to watch, so I'm just going to let you click below and see those. I'll see you in the next video this

================================================================================
TITLE: $5000+ A Day From TINY CHEAP $9 Facebook Ads (Full Guide For Cheap MFers)
VIDEO ID: 8M-gcYJhImM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8M-gcYJhImM
================================================================================

All right, you are here because you want to put a$150 cents into Facebook and make a $100 back. That's totally reasonable. Don't let me stop you from dreaming right here. Look, this channel is dedicated to internet sleeves balls like you. So, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show you a bunch of simple tactics I've used on Facebook ads that allow me to put in very low amounts of money and make huge returns. In fact, I built a business past over $10 million per year investing relatively small amounts in Facebook ads. In fact, what I'm going to show you right here allowed me to go from businesses that spent $10 to $20 million a year in ads, literally, and only made like a 2x ROI to businesses that spent, I don't know, a couple hundred,000 a year in ads and made 15, 20x just just crazy ROIs from it. In fact, it was just shocking how much money we made from our ads just by making these simple changes in our businesses and how we look at them. And you should listen to me on this because a I don't have any course or any product to sell you right here. I'm just going to tell you everything I know about ads. And what I know about ads is the fact that I built multiple eight figureure businesses purely fueled by ads and actually built a nine figure business. Again, kickstarted and grown via ads. On top of that, I'm also the CEO of one of the largest tracking companies in the world right now, Hyros, which allows me to see what's working across billions of dollars of ad spend. So, what I'm going to tell you right here, this is the source of the stream knowledge. This is coming straight from the source, straight from the cow. That's the type of cheese that you're getting here. So, without further ado, let me show you these tacticum changes that we use to uh get these results. All right, so let's begin. These five tips right here. You just apply these, you're going to see so much more money from ads from such low spends. In fact, you can build entire businesses around them if you want. Seven figure businesses. I've done this before with these tiny little tactics. So, just just use them. So, I'm going to give you the pinnacle of cheap bozo make tons of money from your ads with no investment upfront tactic ever. This is the most important thing. And in fact, I'm doing this to you right now. I used this originally to start hiring and grow it to very high levels and businesses I've shown this to that do this and apply this fully. A lot of them don't even run large scale ads. They just do this and some of them make up to eight figures a year just doing this simple little tactic. So look, number one priority if you don't want to spend money on ads or you're just starting up your business and want to go in kind of low is you need to go and simply make content on the internet and then remarket people that come from that content. This sounds super duper simple. No one does this. It's insane. Let me just show you an example of what we're doing right here. So, for example, you're watching this channel right now. I obviously want you to buy Hyros. And the way I'm doing that is by helping you with tons of content. We'll make more revenue from your ads so that you eventually decide to track them. Okay? There's no secret to that. But let me kind of show you how this channel with not many views. For example, if you go look at like my crypto channel for example, we get tons of views right there. I slayed. I'm the number one crypto advice guy on the internet. But we're not here to really talk about making a channel like that. When a lot of people talk about YouTube, they're thinking, "Oh, I got to go get millions of subscribers and stuff like that." No, not at all. Okay, so for example, like my channel right here, I was talking to an ad run the other day. Um, Sam Polo, he uses this channel right here. You can see he only has 12K subscribers. And I know that they do very, very well from their channel. And there's a ton of other channels that I'm referencing that are a lot like channels like this where they're only 10, 12, 30k, 50K subscribers. Uh, I was looking at some content from Hormosi the other day and he was talking about a very very small Instagram that was making tons like millions and millions of dollars off of like 12,000 followers or something like that. This is what we're trying to focus on right here and this is probably one of the best ways to run a type of business period because it's just so damn profitable, especially if you're a beginner and don't want to go on high investment. Now, how is this working? There's a few simple things we're doing right here. Okay. So, if we go look at this video, not that video, you see my video right here that we're able to view. Obviously, voila. You you you're looking at a video right now. I'm sure you know how YouTube works. But what is going to happen after this video is a few things. So, let's imagine this is the the content right here. First off, you're going to get added to a Google remarketing list. So, this is why I love making YouTube videos because you're automatically added to a remarketing list. And if you're watching this video, you're already interested in running ads. It is going to be so damn profitable for me to run any type of product selling ad content training optimization to you after this. It's building the best remarketing list on planet earth. Okay, so we can do that. On top of that, from your videos, you can always link to other websites. Now, I don't really do that in these videos, but you can always talk about your website or your product website uh and send people to that at the end of the video or for the capture leads or whatever. People that come from your videos or your content to these pages again make an insanely good remarketing list. So remarket people that watch those videos. This also applies then to content from everywhere. So let's imagine we're making content on YouTube, Twitter, and Instagram. Okay. Not only is all this content of course allow you to be remarketed, you could remarket the people that follow you on Twitter. You can remarket the people that follow you on Instagram, on YouTube, but you can also remarket the people that watch your videos on these platforms, even if they follow you or not. You can also remarket to people that come to your website from these platforms. And what I suggest you do with these when you're linking from them, don't just link people directly to your website. Link people directly to your pages for for example, I can make like hyros.com/youtube and you go there to get a special deal. So that gets you your most engaged people. Now, what do you do with these audiences from this? Very simple. You put them on remarketing lists on Facebook, YouTube or whatever and then you sell them. That's it. You can run and build a seven or eight figure business just with this tactic alone. For example, on some of my videos right here, let's say we get like 20,000 views. Okay? If I get a 100 people to buy Pyros, I have these 20,000 people right here with our average value per subscriber on there being $500 per month. I made about $600,000 from just the people watching this video right here. Now, that video is a little bit bumped up there. Again, this would be again factoring all the reoccurring per year and everything that comes in it, but you can see how simple it would be for me to get a nice retargeting list of 20,000 people. And if I do a really good job on this video right here, just getting a 100 people of that 20,000 to buy or become customers over the span of a year. Really isn't that damn challenging. And that's all just from this. And I can literally spend, I don't know, 50 bucks a day remarketing this entire list right here. This is how damn profitable that method is. Everyone should be using this as their base method for running advertising online. On top of all these little bonus tip, track your ads. Look, you guys know I own high-risisk. You think, "Oh, he's just trying to get us to buy his product." Yes, I am. Because it will make you a lot more money or you don't pay for it. There's literally a guarantee at highrisis if you don't see an increase in your ad ROI. You don't pay for it because of this. Look, you need to track your ads because if you look at some campaigns I have right here, for example, I caught 61 calls right here. Facebook told me I got 31, 19, 12. A lot of these campaigns I'm looking at right here are tracking half the amount of calls coming in. If you look right here that Harris is catching, I don't see how you expect to run ads profitably or maximize it if you can't see where your sales are coming from. Because if you can't see where all your sales are coming from and which ads are the most profitable, you can't optimize and scale the ads that are most profitable, thus making you the most profit off the littlest amount of ad spend. So, if you want to really maximize your ads on top of all these tactics I'm saying right here, track your ads so you can actually see where all the revenue is coming in from all the calls and not just the upfront revenues coming in, but the long-term revenue that's coming in as well so you can attribute back to your ads and maximize the amount of profit they make. It's not that crazy. You should use it. So, just a very basic tip, actually track your business like a a smart person and don't run it like a drunken baboon. It's kind of a broad swipe with a brush statement, but you should do that. Now, let me give you the next best method right here. And this is in fact how I grew Hyru very successfully when a lot of other SAS companies similar to our our company didn't do so well because they didn't understand this. So, when you're running ads anywhere online, what you want to try and do is get people to buy as much upfront as possible using calls if you can. Now, it doesn't always have to be calls. It can be a webinar if you're doing like an e-commerce product or something like that or it can be a long form sales video. I think calls are the best. Webinars are second and then long form sales videos. I I don't know. I think it's kind of difficult to get people to buy expensive things without really um completely sexually harassing them with a sales pitch, which can be done in calls or a webinar. So, why does this work so damn well? I'm going to give you a simple situation right here. I'm going to bump up the screen so you know that I'm super duper serious. So, one of the reasons why Hyros was really successful early on that you should apply to your business, whether you're selling e-commerce products, software, B2B, infoarketing, I don't know, some get-richqu online, all you all you scuzzbags out there, I know you're watching this, too. Is the reason why that hyros did well originally is because a lot of other SAS companies were selling stuff for like $99 a month and you'd sign up for a free trial or something like that. That's so damn hard to make a profitable business off of because you're not making I'm not making maximum amount of money from each customer that you get. Let me explain. So, let's imagine I'm running an ad where I'm going to spend $1,000, okay? And then my my product is $100 per month and I have a 3% conversion rate. All right? And if I'm spending, let's say $5 per click, I'm going to get 200 clicks. So, off of this, what I'm going to get is about uh six conversions at $100. Now, these are really like rough numbers. I'm going make $600 back per month. And if this is recurring, this is actually awesome. These are actually inflated numbers. If you're running SAS or something like this, but if we go right here, okay, for example, and then we cut this conversion rate down to 1.5%. We cut it in half. Okay, so imagine that. But instead of selling that $100 upfront for the product, we get people on a phone call and we sell them it a year up front. And so this is what we did with Hyru that made it really successful in the beginning. So if we do this right here and we have half that conversion rate right there and we have 200 clicks, we're going to get three sales at $1,200. Okay? So that's going to put us at $3,600 back immediately on that $1,000 in ad spend. This is night and day difference than what we were doing before. And what a lot of people do is they try to sell their lower-end products or their reoccurring products or products at not high enough price point. The thing is, when you run ads, the same people that buy at $100 will often buy at a year upfront or a much larger package of some sort, if you get them on a phone call or you get them on a long enough webinar pitch. And so really, the key to running super profitable ads is you try and collect as much money up front, even if it kills the conversion rate a little bit, because when you're just starting your business, you need that cash flow in. The reason why Hires was very successful up front when a lot of other businesses failed is we collected massive amounts of profit on our ads that allowed us to keep investing in our development and the product itself. A lot of other companies were trying to do that $100 method and then because of that they had to take massive losses in order to grow their company from ads. This is a much better way to do it if you want to make more money from your ads, especially on a low budget. Next, while we're on the topic of reoccurring, the easiest thing you can do with your ads to make more money from them is you need to add some type of reoccurring to your offer. period. Okay. So, for example, I I think we all understand this. If you have a $40 product and you manage to put in a $10 supplement subscription or anything like that, you just increase the value of this $40 sale and people are very e it's very easy to get them on like $10, $20 subscriptions to $120 a year. Okay? And what this allows you to do is build a business where you have income coming in no matter what. You need to have money coming in from sales once you get them. Period. I I can't give you any better tip for your business than find some way to make your offer reoccurring. If you're selling an e-commerce product, find some type of reoccurring subscription you can add into there. Heck, make the main product a reoccurring subscription on its own at a discount. This is so damn important because when you get people buying two, three, four times, it's more than that they buy one time. It's such a common sense statement, but very few people do this. Every single business you run should have some type of reoccurring offer, whether it's in the front end or the back end, to get people on this. And this is how you're going to maximize your business from low ad spends because every single month, if let's say you add $3,000 in subscribers or reoccurring income, that's not that much. But if you do that every single month for an entire year with like, I don't know, a 5% churn, imagine if your product doesn't suck or something like that, you're making 20 30,000 a month reoccurring from the same lower budget ad spend. That's why reoccurring is so important because if we're not doing reoccurring, we're basically have to remake that again every single month. If we are doing reoccurring, that $1,000 in ad spend that generated this doesn't have to go up and we can keep spending that low amount of ad spend until we have enough reoccurring income coming in that allows us to then kind of up this a little bit more or more comfortably. This is so incredibly important to running businesses from ads. Businesses that don't have reoccurring income coming in. It becomes extremely hard to grow the business off of just upfront sales from ads. Finally, if you want to maximize your ads as much as possible, find a way to work scarcity in immediately. Now, you don't always want to do this at scale, okay? But if you can work scarcity in realistically from your ads or in the remarketing of those ads. So, for example, if a person comes to my page selling socks, what I'm immediately going to do with the remarketing ads is offer them a 5% discount or coupon if they come back and buy in the next couple hours. We actually have AI at Hyris now that does this for Hyris, but other companies as well. It's built into the proc that comes through and passively does this. So, a person comes to a page, the AI automatically starts messaging them custom emails, offering them scarcity right away. If you can use it in the original ad, great. But it's kind of hard to sometimes do this. One thing you can actually do is say, "Hey, you came to the website. I want you to come back and get this immediately and offer them some type of discount, some reason to act now." The reason why a lot of people don't buy from ads simply comes down to there's no reason to act now. It can be the smallest reason on planet Earth. look at your ads and say, "Is there some scarcity, particularly in your remarketing ads?" It's the easiest way to take your dollar in ad spend that gives you $2 back and make it $3 back. But make sure it's realistic scarcity. If you're doing just a general like, "Hey, you better act now or this offer will be gone forever." That doesn't work and it just it doesn't build trust with your customers. Using these tiny little effective marketing scarcity tactics, whatever it is, so damn important to increasing the value of your ads. And then last things last, it ties into this. When a person comes to your website, don't just remarket them. Remarket exactly what they viewed. So when a person comes to any of our e-commerce websites or Hyros in particular, we don't just remarket them based on them coming to the website. We market them based on what they looked at in particular. So, for example, if you come to Hyros and you land on an ecom page and then you go from the ecom page to our call page, what we're going to do is we're going to say or send you an email if we have your contact information and text message and also run ads to you focused around e-commerce and the fact that you didn't book a call. Okay, this is super minute retargeting. And this is exactly what you want to do if you want to make maximum return on your ads while spending as little as possible. It takes like 50 cents to remarket this person right here. But if we go right here and we have the person come to the site and then we just remarket them like, "Hey, you came to Hyru. Come back and check it out." Not going to work. If we remarket them saying, "Hey, we noticed you checked out an e-commerce page and didn't book a call, but we're on the fence. Why don't you come back and book a call right now? And if you do so in the next hour, next two hours, we'll give you a 5% discount if you choose to buy." This gets people to take action right there. This is the front-loaded specific information, specific remarketing that is going to get people to take action and give you maximum profit for the tiniest amount of ad spend that you spend. And while this isn't important, if you're spending $100,000 a day in ad spend and you're kind of broad and shotgunning and building some big business, if you're a business that needs to make money cash upfront, these are the things you need to be doing immediately now, not optional, to make the most return on your ads to put you in as much profit as possible. These methods right here are the best things you can possibly do. That's all I got. If you want to see the actual ads, the scripts, the targeting, it's all on this channel as well. There is nothing held back. Browse around. There'll be some videos at the end of this video that show you how it's done. And for the love of gravy, once you get some level of competence on the things I teach on this channel, track your ads with Hyros because you can see where your actual sales are coming from and optimize for it. I can't stress how blind you are if you're not running ads with proper tracking, which you should use with Hyros. And you can also use all those AI tactics that I talked about as well. So, I'll see you in the next video. Goodbye.

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain A TINY "Nude" Site Making Me $12,000 A Day Via Ads
VIDEO ID: 9Fz9oErba4A
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Fz9oErba4A
================================================================================

hello internet marketing skis ball I want you to picture something sexy imagine a one-page website absolutely dog content almost nothing on it and all you have to do to print millions and millions of dollars is just send people from ads to this website it sounds unimaginable but extremely wet and moist doesn't it and I hear you thinking to yourself no Alex unfortunately I have to actually put effort into my business there's no way I could just do low effort piece of sh no effort work empty scuzzy little websites and print money if I would I could I am a piece of sh but unfortunately the internet keeps making me work for my money well hold up back up what I'm going to show you in this video is a onepage ugly as website embarrassing has almost no content on it whatsoever that I ran for almost a decade and it printed tens of millions of dollars for me an absolute joke and when I talked about low efforts SC well I was able as a 20-year-old who was just getting wasted and drunk and hitting on women all the time to build a multi- multi-million business just off of this simple website and running ads to it and in this video I'm going to show you the website I'm going to break down how it works the entire marketing business strategy behind I'm even going to explain the ads to you a little bit but there's tons of content all over this channel explaining all my best ads so we're really going to focus on this with the context of running ads to this now how do you know this works before we get started how do you know this investment of five minutes in your life is actually going to give you an Roi well I have some really good credentials first off I was the drunkest 20-year-old in existence to make millions of dollars while running ads to single page websites I've already told you about that achievement but I've also used the strategies you're going to see in this channel to build many eight fig businesses a nine fig business and on top of that I'm the CEO of the world's largest or one of the world's largest ad tracking companies that gives me basically insights on what's working across all advertising across billions of dollars in ad spend so in short I've made a ton of money and I get to see how other people are making a ton of money so if you're looking for a source of information on how to make a ton of money with ads you should listen the up cuz what I'm about to show you right here absolutely prints money so let's get into it so what I want to do is I want to show you these Pages now these pages right here do not exist in a vacuum what I'm going to show you in this video is the pages and how does business work that generate a ton of money so that you understand how this relates in terms of ads now if you're looking for the ads the scripts and everything that goes along with this to make this work with ads it's through my $2,000 Mastermind I'm just kidding I don't do that just go on this channel all my ad scripts everything I've ever learned about advertising is here in hopes that you use it to make more money and then when you actually start making more money from your ads you decide to track them and not run ads like a drunken baboon and use my ad Tracking Company hyros literally we guarantee your ads make more this is why Tony Robbins Alex hosi Playboy bodybuilding.com Pier One pudgy Penguins everyone that's cool on the internet heck even danzan uses us now they use hrus cuz you guaranteed make more money from your ads so I'm just going to teach you everything I know about ads and and then when you want to start start running your ads not like a drunk baboon you come find us at high Roos well give you a spank on the ass get you going all clean like so look again the ads the scripts all my YouTube ads all my image ads all my Facebook ads that go along with this are all on this this YouTube and they'll be linked to at the end they're link to below this video let's focus on the content so I'm going to show you a series of pages right now that just printed tens of millions of dollars and they're just embarrassing as you can see they're very simple ugly Little Pages like this okay and so you're probably looking at these pages right here thinking how could this print money how was this even a business and these Pages alone yes I did have like Standalone business websites in the past where I'm like in a suit and like look how professional a look and stuff like that that doesn't generate any money these little dumpster diver pages right here this is where all the money is I didn't even need to if I could just go back in time and and binge drink more I would do it and I'd be able to afford to even more efficiently because I could just run onepage websites like this and print money so I'm going to explain to you how to do this and if you have an existing business using these Concepts right here will get you more leads it will get you more customers in door if you don't have a business or you're like trying to learn how to like build one properly this is going to show you how you really need to get the fundamentals right and that's all you really need to generate money and most people don't get the fundamentals I'm the fundamental king that's why I can just be the idiot that you see in these videos today and still print money because I I got the basics right my layups my granny shots are phenomenal in in in marketing terms so first let me break down the business model that worked Oho very well here and this is something you just need to focus on your business and just really build deep inside your body so when a lot of people run ads on the internet what they're thinking about is money in money out and that's obviously the end goal but you're going to see that the smartest people and the richest people they play this game in a really weird way or long-term way where they focus more on gaining attention and rapport with people and that's the currency they're trying to build up and then later on that's when they really reap the rewards it's it's kind of like you're growing crops if you would just put a seed in the ground wait 10 minutes and then try to harvest it you're not going to harvest anything really but if you put a sea in the ground and water it for a year and then you wait for it to get all confident and big and then large and then cut it off at the root that's when you're going to harvest the most and so you got to really think about that way with your business so the way any business should work whether it's e-commerce or or SAS or or anything that makes it incredibly easy to run and build is you want to focus on Rapport first and building that Rapport and being able to contact the person so look in order for someone to buy something from you like let's look at Brian Johnson's olive oil let's talk about that for a second Brian Johnson is making Just sh tons of money selling olive oil this is a product that you could literally go to any grocery store even a gas station and buy right now yet he's selling it probably like a 3X markup uh it's olive oil it's just you put on your your your bread at Olive Garden where they serve olive oil so how is this guy doing this this why are people going and paying him 3x markup because they know him they like him they trust him they believe what he says and they believe because of this the quality of his product is better now I I actually buy Brian's olive oil I like it and I don't even know why I buy it to be honest I don't know why it's better than the olive oil at Whole Foods but I I go have it shipped in and I I take his olive oil daily because of this mothering thing right here all right so this is how damn important is it can even trick me it can even even make my lizard brain do whatever um the person trying to get me to buy something wants me to do so you have to understand online that the thing you really want to focus on first is one building this for poor people in order to do this you have to be able to contact them efficiently so when a person comes to your website what we want to do is we want to get their email or contact information this is a no-brainer but but if you do this already on your website you probably do you've probably ran a lead gen funnel before please listen for 10 seconds because I'm better than you at it and I have understandings that you probably don't have that make me much more efficient at this than you do so look we want to get their email information and we also want to slap a retargeting pixel on them now if we can get their phone number uh that's the CR CL because then we can just annoy this person for the rest of their life maybe even get their address so we can send them those huge giant pamphlets in the mail that spam and fill up their mailbox but we're just really going to focus on the email and the retargeting right here so so why do we want to gather these things right here okay so what we want to do is we want to get their contact information and we want to get them to primarily view a video or start getting to know our brand specifically if they're our Target markets so for example if someone's not interested in Health and Longevity getting them to watch a Brian Johnson olive oil video isn't going to do much so we have to get the target audience there too which is where the ads come in okay so look the way to get people to these pages and a way to start this this this type of contact is of course by getting them there now there's ways you can get them there organic content making yourself famous uh I'm going to use Brian Johnson as an example in this video I talked about acne creams and everything in every video this video we're talking about olive oil all right but the best way to get them there is going to be a organic content like I'm creating for you right now I'm creating all this ad content everything for you to brainwash you into buying hyros now you know what I'm doing why am I giving you all this free content but seriously this is the best way to get people there originally but if you don't want to make videos and you're not really good at making yourself Famous online or making good quality content that people want to watch or you're not extremely good-look like me you're probably going to have to use advertising to get people there okay so that's fine advertising is a way better method you can scale it up faster and a lot of businesses the people I know that make the most money they're all ugly uncharming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know I'm just leaning into my skill set right here uh you look at most of the people that make a lot of money online they're all like hiding in their their basements of their moms and running advertisements other people's faces and stuff so this is perfect for you so forget the organic content let's focus on terms of ads the best way to get the targeted people there is if you can run a very tight funnel is getting them there with ads you get their contact information you get them to start digesting your content and you follow up with them forever through emails and additional content and re targeting ads that then sells your products and gives them more content and over the long run what you want to be doing is you want to spend maybe you know $5 to get a person from an ad onto your big list okay and then over time you want to generate 30 50 bucks from them over the span of a year so for example this business model I'm going to show you right here from advertising it cost me about $5 to get someone on list and over the span of a year I'd make about $30 $50 back now how do you track all this back to the ad you use hyros for example I can see anybody that comes into certain funnels or whatnot in my businesses I can see exactly how much they're worth over time you can see these numbers all increasing over time so I can track back to the ad exactly how much money the people are making for me and how long it's going to take for me to break even on the ad and whatnot okay so that's a very efficient way to do it and again if you're using Facebook ads or Google ads like I always tell you the tracking the tracking is not accurate so for example right here I'm just checking a call funnel that I'm tracking right now Facebook caught 61 calls hrus ad tracking caught 147 calls that's a massive difference if I was running ads off of the data on Facebook I'd be running ads incorrectly and making way less money so please keep that in mind when I talk about all these things you're probably thinking how do I track all these things and do this this is how you do it that's exactly why I invented hyros because I had this exact fing problem and I had to use all sorts of wingding ghetto rig solutions to go and track this data right here now you can just paste hyros code in your site and get all this data easy peasy but anyways this is the world's most Alpha Superior business model I don't care if you're using if you're running an e-commerce business an info business even a SAS business a software business kind of like I run at hos you can see I'm taking a little bit of a different route here by hitting you with Organic content and then I'm going to be retargeting you after this but it's a little it's it's the same exact process except what I'm doing right now is the final evolution of this is more of like the middle tier beginner level that is going to work best for most businesses and entrepreneurs so bringing this all in what we want to do is we want to run ads to these types of pages that we're looking at right here so I'm going to rip this one off of Adam Dukes who ripped it off of me I I don't have a save copy of this page because I'm a very disorganized person I have no access to any of my old templates or anything I used to build because my computers get so infected with viruses and crap that they explode every two years so I have to start over from scratch every time so thank you Adam Dukes I'm going to rip this from you and you ripped it for me so what he's using is a template I used for the longest time so what you want to do to get people into your business is you want to create a lead magnet now I'm pretty sure you already know what a lead magnet is or maybe you don't that's either way it's fine because you're going to learn something here you can see this super duper ugly page right here is dirt ugly simple now I want to show you I'm going to I'm going to plow this also looking at at something that's just working today so for example if you look at um Alex mosi's site um I think e probably has one of the best opt-in funnels or lead type funnels for these type of pages online right now so we're going to look at this compared to this here in a second but what I want to show you is just this simple framework that I've used for almost every business that I have to get people to do what I want okay so you can see that I have this basic ugly page right here I've said it a bunch of times I just want to emphasize how little needs to be on the page a lot of people put big professional pictures of themselves a big complicated looking website even if you look at the hyos website right now yes it's big beautiful has all this crazy stuff on it but the core concept of the landing pages that people land on is this the reason why my highrisk website is very Advanced and bigl looking is because we're trying to work with like really large Enterprise companies and big agencies and there's a lot more song and dance to get someone to buy a product that cost3 $50,000 per year for high-end businesses it doesn't cost that for small businesses join but when people are making $50,000 buying decisions like you got to give them the whole pamplet feel and deal okay what I'm trying to do right here is I'm just trying to get a person's contact information I'm not asking for a credit card I'm not asking them to do anything crazy I'm just I want their contact information and so what we want to do is we want to lower the friction here as much as humanly possible so you can literally reduce your websites this and you use these three different types of lines or these four lines right here to get the job done so the first line of any page you want to have right here is you want to call out to the specific type of person so case study video for successful marketing agency owner so you want to describe what it is and who it's for okay what it is and who it's for hey do you run advertising you want to make more money or something like that who it is and where it's for now what you want to do is you want to put something right here that describes what they're going to get now I actually hate this headline right here I don't think it's good okay so what we what we want to do is we want to tell a story in our headlines that doesn't make any sense but needs to be solved so right here this person right here how I generate 69 dolls and my markting agency last week this is boring this doesn't create any mystery so if you look at this headline right here on this page you can see I'm doing the same thing how print train training my ad pixel AI doubled conversions while cutting ad spin so what's the difference in what's going on right here nobody knows what the print tracking means nobody even understands what their pixel AI is so why am I saying these things in here if people don't get it because their intended thing that they want right here is to cut ads spend but they want to in order for them to take action I have must make them believe I have something that they don't and so having these mixed up words right here and these these little Loops makes them think okay this guy has something that my business doesn't have okay now the best thing you can also do right here is you offer them something that's even more a turnkey so what I did actually with these ads that worked very well when I was building a business where I taught people how to build uh marketing funnels and stuff like that I used get my landing page template so what people believe is even better the thing is going to get people to give them their information so you can Market to them and so on and so forth and by the way if you want to see what goes into the marking everything I send to people afterwards all that that's on that channel as well it's linked below this video there's nothing I'm talking about this video that is left out or be some pay wall for you I just can't include every marketing lesson I've ever had in one video so check out below this video if you want to see how I build the funnels and long-term content to monetize this type of business so what I'm doing right here the best thing you can ever offer in these type of funnels is a template or widget or app or something you can download to get some instant results if you can offer people a win button that will get them to opt in every single time that's why I like templates or script or an app something like that like anything they can download and get results with something they don't have to learn they just slap on their site or something and get some instant results that's why if you look at hyos for example one of the reasons why it sells so well is because of the marketing persuasion I use on it that you just slap this code in your site and you make 15% more which you do and that's what I designed the product around I thought to myself if if these optins work really well for this type of concept maybe if I make a software like that then it will work all right but you want to tell a story particularly offer them a a win button and then use things that they don't understand to create Loops that must be solved okay so that's the difference i' make in this headline now what you want to do in the third line of these pages is you want to remove everything they hate does not involve blah blah blah blah blah um or what I would use in these examples is for example when I was doing this this this page right here generated tens of millions of dollars by the way three step process you used to build a five fig month online store in 20 days so this this is a really good hook right here because it describes what they want in a very short time frame and an easy to understand format what I would do right here to make this a little bit better is I would do like how I use Chinese gold Farmers to build a five figure a month online store in 20 it has to be just something weird off the block off the wall that gets people like whoa I've never seen this before because a person has to believe you have something that they've never seen before to finally get them to get hooked in now you can see this third volume right here is everything they hate okay so what I did right here is you get this thing without all the things you hate for example in online businesses it's without hard cost or techy stuff back then people didn't want to do technical stuff they certainly don't want to invest money in their business don't ever do that that's actually one of the best ways if you're selling like make money online courses and stuff no one ever wants to invest they they just want to push button solution to make money if you can offer that in my perspective on your sales cop you you can't sell that that doesn't work but if you can get people looped in and then get them the actual what they need which is training and resource and everything that's the best way to get in now you can also see right here on this page what I did is I threw in that whole checklist template thing so putting something like this actually boosted conversions okay so then you can see right here I you can actually ignore the rest of this page very simple button get the email address okay you can see on all these Pages what I have is just a very simple button that then will pop down and collect the person's email address and then take them to a Content video where I deliver red hot crazy content that introduces them to the brand and then gets them to preferably book a phone call or go deeper down the funnel the the funnels for these is listed in the videos underneath this if you want to learn more about how I made a lot of money from these businesses that's there now the final thing I'm going to do right here is bring you to Alex Hero's page now I actually think my headlines and seduction is actually better than Alex's on here but I know personally that this is a really really high converting page and I just want to show you this being used on a very high level um from from someone you probably know so get your free personalized 100 Millions doll scaling road map what is this first and foremost remember where I talked about just a download push button thing they can download to get immediately it's right here all right so you can see like literally a checklist this is what people like like they don't have to learn anything new they just follow the checklist so you can see the same principles being done right here and I just want to stress this page right here is generating so many leads for alks and probably making them actually making them just so much money and you can see exactly how simple this is an application whereas you look at a lot of other people's websites it's just very complicated craziness and you have to understand what you want to do is offer people the quick template the quick push button and then get their contact information and one thing I want to show you as I know this this converts really well for Alex and it's just red hot is how simple this optin is right here so if you can make your optin or email collection areas extremely simple to use that's another thing that's going increase your conversion rate so I just want to show you these pages right here and give you a rough overview of the business model I was using that just allowed me to print if I can tons and tons of money with very little effort and actually not much skill when I was in my 20s I was just running these things left and right my businesses are a lot more advanced now and so they use a lot of different other Concepts to grow the business but you know those businesses bu hrus is a nine figureure business if you want to make 5 million million 10 million bucks a year you can get it done with that type of business page and type of strategy that I talked about now if you want to see the ads that I ran to these Pages they're all over this channel they'll be linked to at the end of this video they're linked underneath this video they are everywhere my YouTube ads Facebook ads image ads my entire ad copywriting strategy all on this channel if you want to see the funnels and the things I was selling to make a lot of money in these businesses again link below this video all over this channel I don't have any courses or anything you to buy because I've already explained why and this video has been long and I'm tired so I have nothing more to say goodbye

================================================================================
TITLE: I Make 2.4 Mil A Month Running Ads To This Small Site
VIDEO ID: DkrQmA5-ZP4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkrQmA5-ZP4
================================================================================

hey there you scuzzball internet marketer you sleazy snake oil selling Shiller of garbage on the internet welcome back to my ads Channel where we talk about ads do you want to know the number one thing to make your ads super profitable and make them sh money if you nail this one thing your ads will make infinite amounts of money you could actually become quite rich just doing this one thing well and messing up everything else do you want to know what it is it's making the place you send them AKA your sales pages and landing pages it's making those convert highly and I know this might come as a shocking revelation that in order to get people to buy stuff from you online after they click an that you have toing convince them you you have to convince them well getting a person to click and add is the easy part getting someone to actually believe the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're saying on your website take out their credit card or put in their information or give you their phone number and do what you want them to do that's the hard part because people don't trust you online and they are very very busy and have the attention span of a gerbal so truly the actual most important thing if you want to make a lot of money on the internet via ads you could mess up pretty much everything else in fact running ads is pretty easy right now with the targeting it doesn't take a space age scientist like it used to the number one thing by far is being able to create pages and websites to convince people to do what you want and in this video I'm going to break down a skill set and strategy that has been forgotten to time since genz and Millennials have taken over the internet and no one has the ability to read anymore this is a skill set that absolutely no one has internet marketing and that's being able to write written sales Pages no one can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do this anymore except for me I'm the only source of information on the entire internet you have just kidding but not really the only information that I can really think up on coming to writing wrden sales pages is back in Old Dan Kennedy books and classic copywriting books no one does this anymore yet if you go to Every website every SAS website every e-commerce website any website online what is going on there people aren't watching videos they are interacting with visuals images text text links the website design and that's what's convincing them to buy and nobody understands how to go and make this actually convince people to do this if you can do this everything will work cuz people aren't watching videos on your websites they are reading and so if you understand how to get people who are reading to do what you want you're going and I can tell you how to do this because I built multiple eight figureure businesses fueled by ads I've built a ninef figureure business fueled by ads I'm going to show you a sales page today that generates 50,000 to 100,000 plus per day in sales and on top of that I'm the CEO of one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now hros you should use it if you don't you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which allows me to see what is working across all of paid advertising to the tune of billions of dollars I see everything that's going on I can tell you what's working what I'm about to show you right here is actually pretty uncommon in ads and I'm going to show you this page that I've created for my business and I'm going to walk you through everything I'm doing that has allowed me to create my website for my business that I guarantee you converts much much higher than all my competitors or similar websites there's only like two websites out there online that I think have really good written copywriting on them for example one of them is clickfunnels because Russell Brunson is a copywriting freak the other one is Alex Hero's website really other good copywritten website that we'll probably review later on we're going to start with my website if you just apply this strategy and mindset that I give you you're going to see your conversion Skyrocket because you're probably just not doing this by default it's like if you were trying to learn how to play soccer and you stop hitting the ball with your hand and getting penalties like kick it with your foot you stupid son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's how simple this is and that's how little people do this so let's hop over let me break down this page for you all right so nor on my business hos.com and this business was recently about last valuation we got was valued over $150 million I think it's worth much more because we've grown a lot from then but regardless of that this is a business page that has generated a lot of money for me it's created a very successful business so you can pretty much assume that this works so what I'm going to do right here is I'm going to break down this page now look I would I try not to Shield hyros too much in this Channel and that might be what this comes across but I put more effort into this page and this website than anything else I have online at the moment so I have no better use case or example to show you so you're also going to have to deal with me subtly Shilling hyrus as we walk through this I want to break down the mythology behind this first so so what we're going to do is we're going to go through these notes that I've left right here in this very badly organized area right here so let's start from the very beginning of everything we need to do with the sales page and we'll go through the actual steps and what the person is thinking so all copywriting is and all selling through written text or video is achieving these goals right here okay so you have to make sure that someone believes or you have to Market to the person what they're looking for these are all going to sound really obvious but people don't do these things so please if you think you're smart and you think oh well obviously you want to sell to People based on what they want okay great why aren't you doing it correctly so there's three things you really have to get done one you have to make sure that the person uh on the page AG is there for what they want and you're selling them what they want and you have to know what they want to sell them so what is the big thing to them you didn't have to convince them that what you're selling is actually for them and is going to work and then you have to convince them to take action those are the three things you have to do that's all there really is but doing those things is a little bit harder than just breaking it down the three things and what you're really trying to do is predict once you have those things allocated okay you have the right person on the page and you're selling what they want you have to predict what they're going to think it's like you're having a conversation with someone and you're trying to lay out a game of chess 20 moves and predict every move they're going to make and everything they're going to think you're not just writing and throwing something out into the void it'd be like if you're talking to a girl or something like that I don't know if you've ever seen pickup artists or people who have these whole scriptive routines to talk to women but what you're trying to again do is predict everything the person's going to say in response to what you're saying so you're going to say for example if I'm selling hyos hey I have this tracking solution it's going to make you more money from ads what's the first thing the person going to say how does it do that how do I know it works then I'm going to give them a response okay well here's a customer that got this result right here and here's how it works well yeah but I don't really believe it yet well here's more testimonials well how would this actually work for me blah blah blah blah blah blah all right and so if you ever look at any sales video or heck when I'm making even videos on YouTube what I'm trying to do is I communicate something to people and about every 15 seconds I think what is the person going to think what are they going to respond what's going to be going on in this person head what's the objection or skepticism they're going to have and then I address that and so I'm constantly having a conversation with someone that isn't actually there that I'm imagining that's the key to copyrighting people just talk to themselves and then they lose track of the conversation they having with the person so think about that as you go through this so we have to think about these things before the person comes on the page what is the big thing and what is the main big thing what you see a lot of times when people come on pages is they try and pitch different things you have to understand people are very short attention spendy imagine you're having a conversation with someone who is using their phone and texting someone else and their wife is screaming at them uh if he their text message so they're very distracted right now what is the number one way we can convince them what is the thing that's going to hook them through because you don't have to hook a person on 15 different things you just have to hook them on their main thing people usually only buy something for one or two reasons for example if you're selling a skin cream uh you could have a skin cream that tightens your skin removes wrinkles gets rid of AC me whatever but what you want to do when you send people to a page is you need to understand what is the biggest fing reason they're on the page right now so if you ran an ad and your skin product does 10 different things but you're in an ad focusing on acne just go 100% on acne scars that's the only thing you have on the page just nail it nail it nail it because you're sending people interested in acne scar treatment and that's the only thing you need to nail you can also bring other things into it but they all must relate back to the main thing so if we go look at this page at hyos what are we focusing on right here scale scale scale and if you go through this entire page you're just going to see the word scales over and over again all the testimonials result to scaling and so at highis I understand the number one thing that people buy it for is because they want to scale their ads they want to make more money yes we cut cost yes we cut waste yes we help the targeting improve on Facebook yes we help people attribute their sales more correctly those are not the number one thing that's going on in someone's said the number one reason why people buy hus or look at hus is cuz want their ads to scale further so what I focus on is how hyos does that and guarantees that result if you see everything right here I tie every feature that hyros has on the page back to scaling so before we even get into the words we're saying what is the main thing the customers came for and then we're going to attach everything back on the page the customer Journey the attribution the AI optimization high it's all going to tie back to that so whatever your product does whatever your features do tie it back to the main big thing and only focus on the main big thing on the page okay next what are their biggest objections you got to collect these beforeand why are people not buying your product so for example at highes people's biggest objection is it's hard to plug in I don't have time to do it I don't believe it works yada yada what you're always going to see 90% of the time is people are going to require more proof they're not going to believe you okay there's the pain or time of setup or use okay and there's the friction to join now friction and joy mean how hard is it to check out how hard is it to get into what you're doing so for example at hyos we we charge upfront you know a lot of times you can remove friction by making it free or making it easy to join or there's all sorts of other things we can talk about as we get into that but most of the time what are their biggest objections proof pain and time of use so have all the reasons why people don't buy and don't complete check out don't make the next step don't believe you and you must attack those okay so why would people not believe that hires can scale their ads why do people believe they can't set it up why are they not joining maybe they don't understand it so moving on to the understand part I just put into can a fourth grader understand it what you must do is you must not just only focus on the big thing you must explain to the person and explain away their objections and convince them of the big thing in a way that is easy for them to understand I see so many pages for example I look at other attribution companies and it looks like a PhD scientist wrote their page I don't know what the f the company actually does or how it tracks or how it makes them more money I go to so many other service websites and like that that's not explain the big thing and it's not making it simple can they understand it can someone look at your page and understand what's happening next we have to focus on what type of customer are they and how do we get sniper info to them so for example at hyos what I do and what I understand is that first everybody that comes to this website wants to scale their ads but I have many different types of customers as do you I have e-commerce customers I have SAS customers I have people that run info businesses I have people that track phone calls okay and so hus has very specific functionality for each of those type of businesses that makes our tracking Superior for them but what a lot of people try and do with their products is they try to Market them all at once so they have e-commerce features they have infom marketing features they have testimonials that are for all different types of business models this is not what we want to do here once we convince people that it can scale what we want to do is we want to send people to specific information so what you want to do on your site is once you have let's say we have a skin cream okay what we want to do is we want to convince people that the skin cream works and then what we might want to do if we don't go for the sale right away is we want to send people to relevant information that applies them so maybe they're interested in skin tightening maybe they're interested in acne scarring um a better example with this would be on a B2B website where you're trying to make the business more money okay so on that on that skincare example right there I would just go straight in and the acne scarring like we talked about or whatever the main thing is and then maybe maybe narrow it down to more specific things like blackhead scarring or um I don't I don't know the specifics of skin care scarring to be honest uh potholes sunburn damage something like that and you could narrow it down to that if the person needs more information okay so an example of that just thinking off the top of my head is if you have the sales page for your skin cream you could actually have it like what is your biggest problem Sun scarring acne scarring you got hit by a baseball bat I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know you then link them to deeper parts of the site to get the more information or you provide information based on that so as I go down here after I convince the person yes it will scale you the first thing I'm trying to do is get them information based on their specific needs okay so for example if they're like in e-commerce I'm going to show them big e-commerce brands that are getting results I'm going to show them how our cogs and the way that we attribute the entire hard cost of goods all in one place while attributing higher for scaling is going to help them more if we're doing call tracking I'm going to focus on how it's able to connect the call to the close months later and connect all the backup sales and all the attribution from the sales reps to one place you can attribute that back to your ads that's what I'm going to focus on based on the customer and I don't want to just Chun it all in one page I want to Route them there so if you can see when I go and click on features at the top of the page how we split up by features now you might have noticed I'm not talking about any written sales copy yet I haven't gone to like called Dan Kennedy how to write a sales page I'm you what I'm talking about right here is how to structure your website there has to be a logical flow to how people are going to behave on your website if you go to any other website let's just go like look at MailChimp or something something like that and the reason why I'm using MailChimp is the more corporate and large a business is the more aloof and stupid their websites are so like look at these look at the website and just TR an email and SMS in the revenue get more op clicks to your email marketing this is all fine but like look how many different directions is going right here like on the page itself just all over the place Solutions and services like it just like there's it's just so much information now this is a terrible example cuz I'm terrible at making content you can probably MailChimp is like this big Enterprise giant service and when you get to the size of this you're probably going to need all these these crazy winging extra features right here I'm just saying that a lot of smaller businesses more like hyusis size or B2B businesses or other businesses that are are not quite the level of MailChimp they're all over the place with all sorts of information if you can look at the hyro website there's really nowhere for you to get lost you're going to find exactly what you're looking for and there's nowhere else you can get jug into other sites have like their whole entire site listed up here 10 different places you can go there is very little places for you to end up based on your business model on here okay so are you looking for the features are you looking for results I'll I'll bring this down so you can see the taskbar right here and there's really no other place for you to get lost okay so we want to direct them to the sniper information that's related to them on the page and then finally what are the key concerns specific to this customer that's very basic if I go right here and I click on e-commerce you're going to see a page that has only things that are related to e-commerce you're going to see we're using e-commerce Brands like Playboy uh we're using e-commerce influencers like Matt Smith and we're showing the results of e-commerce stores and focusing all the features on here with their specific business models like we connected to Amazon you're not going to see this on the info marketing page so that's what we're going to be looking at the sales videos everything right here like the biggest day in in e-commerce is Black Friday so I focus on videos that show we increased profits by Black Friday or on Black Friday by 60% for a lot of users so this is what I'm going to focus on but if I go right here on the SAS page completely other different stuff we're focusing on Mr and how this ties in the ARR and how we actually track LTV back to ad so different problems for different customers but the main focus of the entire everything is always scaling this is going to be about how to scale your e-commerce ads and so you have to look at the train of thought what's going on right here so if we go back and look at this let's go back and do this from the very top and then let's look at how we do the copywriting on the page so what's the topic or problem what's the big thing it's scaling okay everything on the hrus website or anything on your website should focus on the main thing again this isn't a pitch for hyros I'm explaining how I sell hyros so you understand how to sell your product this is Apples the apples you can copy and paste this method over to your product so what's the topic or problem what's the big problem for the customer scaling that's the number one thing that's important to people that will potentially use hus they want to make more money what is the number one thing to your customer okay so the first thing a person is going to think then is this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't believe you this is the number one thing and then what's going to happen is you sell to anybody on the internet every 30 seconds they're going to think this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't believe you until you've smashed any form of skepticism out of their mind so you're going to see on the page here's the big giant result and there's a video very quickly breaking down like how we get it with hrus and so I love these little gif animated videos at the top of websites because people don't watch videos cuz they have the ADHD of a crazy chimpan on qu ludes right now it's they don't they don't watch five minute videos they just can't do it okay they also don't read long forms of text they read chunky chunky text just like the way they read Twitter and Instagram and so what I do is I make gifts they very quickly show them exactly what they're going to get and focus on the most important part which is scaling all this ties back in the scaling shows the most important features so I love using these at the top of websites because they're perfect for ADHD people now the first thing a person's going to think is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm like well here's Tony Robbins using it it's obviously probably not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here's like a billion other brands okay moving on so that's the first thing I'm going to do you want to get endless proof and so what I do also is I put trust pilot on here um and then also there's people that their number one thing to buy is just going to be proof which is why you should always just have a results page so what we have at hyros literally if the person is just wants to call [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me all day I just have an entire page being like no here's like a billion results testimonials people making more money here's endless videos here's famous people here's normal Brands here's whatever this is why it's also really important you build something that actually works so you can do this if your product doesn't consistently work you have tons of bad reviews online you should really address that first um a lot of people are be like what if I don't have a lot of testimonials and no one gets results with my product fix that first okay you you'd be shocked how many people that's like their main problem I know it's crazy but building a business that actually works and gets results and makes more money than they pay you like that that is actually one of the big Keys the business and behold um but anyways just endless results and I give people results in every type of format that they're looking for this is essential for copyrighting because people take in results in different ways so I have videos showing them how it works plus endless results I have more traditional here's a review site oh you don't believe review sites here's normal people oh you don't believe normal people you think we copy paste it here's famous people uh that we could get in trouble for posting on here if they didn't say these things they they mess us up like Dan Henry message me and be like hey I didn't say that well you know that this is true well here's also like thousands of people also use our brand here's a bunch of other famous people you know here's people just like you so I'm thinking about the person watching the page like maybe it's an e-commerce person well here's e-commerce [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right maybe you're an infom marketer or maybe you take calls well here's the person getting calls this is why you always want a results page you should just always have a giant results page for your products or anything on your site okay cuz there's all people the number one reason why they won't buy is just proof of results then after We've Ended endlessly proven that it's real they're going to think okay it's real but what the how does it actually you know get me these results what we then want to do is we want to explain in fourth grade format how it does it so you can see I don't like write a long biography like a lot of sites do and like all the scientific things hus is the highest level of AD tracking it's just big simple chunky text now it requires zero changes to your business you paste our code data accuracy Skyrock your ad scale you can see how I just explained the product in three bite-sized chunks okay so this right here I love this type of format on a page because it just this is how a person reads this is what it does it doesn't have any of the things you hate it's simple to use we guarantee it that's the entire pitch on this page and I repeat that over and over again and you can see how I'm communicating with the person so let's let's go through the conversation we're having scale your business I don't believe you well here's trust pilot and here's how it works okay but I still don't believe it well here's Tony Robins okay maybe it's kind of real how does it actually work well what it does is this is how it gets you the result and by the way it doesn't require any of those things that you hate and your ads will get this result if you do this here's the result you'll get again this is all you have to do it's very simple it's push button and we guarantee it well that sounds really cool but I still don't believe you okay well here's more here's more results H okay so this is the conversation we're going back and forth with the person you can see how I confirm results every couple seconds as the person Scrolls down so the person might still need a little bit convincing on how the product actually works so what I do is I always break things in the threes because the human mind works in threes one thing there's no Trend two thing there's not a trend three things there's a trend five things it's over combobulated so I try to keep things in threes and fours threes preferably so at this point the person probably needs more details so what I do is I repeat the same exact process over again here is how it works okay here's the result you're going to get boom click here continue more testimonials now again three ways where we'll increase your Adar why again the person's more interested in scaling another set of Threes so what I'm doing at this point right here is I've gone through what's the big problem we've addressed it how do they know it's real all right I know it's real but how does it get me this we've broken it down right here all right and then what the person is going to think next is okay I've heard thought about this in the past but I've never done it so the reason why people never use ad tracking is they think it's complicated it's going to be hard to set up you can see that's why I focus on it being simple Now hrus isn't incredibly simple to set up but the amount of customer support and how simple we've made a system it's by far the best support and simplest there is online which is the main reason why people never set up tracking so think about why don't people use skin care products why don't people use your gym products why don't people use your courses why don't they why don't they use your service why Haven they done in the past what is the thing that stopped them other than the money or the the financials of it you want to address that as you go through the page in these patterns you can constantly see I'm constantly addressing that it's way easier to set up than anything else once we've accomplished these things you can accomplish this on your page pretty quickly you can see I accomplish all these things within a few Scrolls what we then want to do on our pages is get people the specific information immediately immediately so what I didn't do the rest of the page is really focus on repeating this process I go and give people information specific to them and then I I focus on a few more features that are based around scale and then I show them more proof and then I try to get them the features that are specific to them because really what happens with hris is they come to this page and they get finally convinced that we'll make them more money but how will it make them specifically more money this acne product will um stop your acne but how it will specifically stop your forms of acne because you have specific problems so what are your three most common types of customers if you have an acne product or something like that B2B I don't know so I get them to the information that's related to them so these are all of our most common types of customers there's also again just at the top hey do you just straight up not believe us here's results so we get them to for example e-commerce and then I walk them through all the results we got for e-commerce stores all the specific procs how we're the only ones that track Amazon Tik Tok shop all that and we're able to track the LTV and subscriptions and all their cost in one place and we dig into that kind of stuff right there and so we get them and I repeat the same exact process that we did before what's the main problem to an e-commerce store they want to scale but they also have these very specific little tiny problems in their business as well this is where we get into the minute now that we actually know who our Target customer is and we got a very specific customer to a specific page now we can start drilling down on their specific needs finally what the person is going to think last as of all is okay but where's the catch what's what's the risk to me here I have to give you my credit card and I'm going to have to take a big risk what I like to do here is I always like to offer a crazy guarantee to get people um across the board and and when it comes to purchasing so on any of my businesses I just offer crazy refund guarantees because if your business let's imagine you have a lifetime refund guarantee of your of your business if 20% of people are refunding your product you really have something there's there's a problem with your product you should have really re low refund rates regardless and refund rates shouldn't tank your business okay so what I like to do is I just like to offer crazy guarantees risk-free guarantees of their business that's the easiest way to remove the catch if you can't do that find some way to remove the risk for the customer on your page then finally the person's going to think okay I'll come back later cuz no one wants to reach into their pocket and take out their credit card give them some reason to act now the price increasing some limited scarcity or just double triple down on pain I don't really like to use too much scarcity or specials or promos at because then they stop having effect in the future I do do specials and promos there a lot of you internet marketers have like tons of false scarcity on your websites and whatnot that works by all means if you want to treat your customer like an idiot and your customers are idiots then do it okay I used to do that stuff in the past I stopped doing it because what happens is people can't Coy to that or your specials lose their effect in the future you only want to use specials or go for the crazy right hooks every now and then that's my two sents that what I like to do to get someone to take action now is I like to just really double down on the pain for example at hris they're just losing more money they're losing more money on ads there's absolutely no risk you can have this set up tomorrow and if you set up tomorrow you'll be making more money today you're choosing to make less money and lose money if you don't set up right now something like that just remember this is the process of the flow of the conversation so I'm going to post this in the description below this is the process and flow I follow with every sales page sales video everything in fact if you watch my YouTube videos or even these videos especially in the first five minutes I'm constantly assuming the person wants to click away so for example on my crypto videos what people are really reallying into and come into the channels they want little micro coin picks they want me to pick coins for them throw coins at them and then they uh then they buy them and a lot of people come to the channel supposedly because they want to catch the coins early get into the coins and then dump on people who buy the coins from the channel I'm fully aware of this in the crypto channel so what I constantly do is I use that promise that I'm going to pick coins the string them along to the actual important content that I want to pick out and I constantly knock out their objections at the beginning of the videos by showing the proof of the results of the coins I got so the people get hooked and they stay through the video and actually watch the content the good quality content I want them to watch for the promise of these coins that I constantly use in the hook so really if you watch the Youtube video the sales pitch is to get them to watch the end of the video okay so you can use this in any form of persuasion whether it's getting people to watch videos to opt in to buy products from you this conversation happens over and over and over again so you can use this process and virtually anything this is how you do it in the form of a website which is by far the most important thing because the thing that sells everything you have the thing that people return to organically the thing that people browse around from when they're thinking about buying decisions and they didn't buy from your ad initially and your initial ads page is your website most people don't focus on their website that much they focus on the ad or the initial page they land in and they don't think about how people are interacting with their websites or how they view their brand and it shows so use this I beg of you if you like content like this subscribe and you should use hrus also because of all the things I talked about it's if you run ads it's so stupid not to be using it we guarantee the result and uh I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: These GROSS Image Ads Make Me $5,400 A Hour
VIDEO ID: PL3IgtFYqRo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL3IgtFYqRo
================================================================================

hello there do you run Facebook Google ads or maybe even put up YouTube videos and no one clicks your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] well it's likely because you're ugly and I can't fix that you're a 5 fo2 Goblin your ugly parents produced an ugly kid it's not going to happen I pity you hence why I'm making this video right now to give you the blueprint I use for images across Facebook ads Google ads and YouTube videos to get better results than videos you're probably running video ads on Google and Facebook and you're not getting the clickthrough rates you want this image added blue PR right here beats videos right now you are going to get cheaper clicks you're going to get people to your site at a much lower cost and they're going to convert much higher in fact I've been replacing most of my video ads with this and you can listen to me on this because I've been running ads for almost a decade and built multiple eight figure businesses in fact I built One n figureure business all fueled by ads and if you need proof what I'm about to show you works you can check out my YouTube channels not just this one but my one in crypto that have reached millions of followers and the reason why they're able to do this is because I'm exceptionally good at getting those red hot clicks my thumbnail and headline system I'm going to give you right here will allow you to slap an image in a headline anywhere on planet Earth magazines Facebook ads heck even at your cousins Bar Mitzvah and people will not only just click it but they will buy in higher volumes or do whatever the heck you want them do watch a video stay on the page read the sales copy opt in I don't give a f you'll get them to do it with these image ads and as an added perk you won't even have to make video ads anymore you can just be a lazy piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] load up Ms paint slap some crap down and you get higher click-through rates than all your friends they'll be very impressed they'll come to you and go wow that's great that that's a great click-through rate you got there and you'll be like yes I F know I copied Alex Becker his works so without further Ado I'm going to get into this and this is something you have to learn because what I'm seeing at hos right now and if you don't know I'm the CEO of one of the largest ad tracking companies on the entire planet is I'm seeing image ads taking over and actually replacing video ads in many instances and like I said before if you know how to do this you're going to get a lot cheaper you're going to get people to your site a lot cheaper you're going to be able to put in no effort because you're using image ads which is fantastic we're all for that here we're all lazy saxs as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you'll be able to stand out cuz everybody's using video ads and ugc ads right now this right here is different so let me break it down so let's begin now it goes without saying after a person clicks the ad a lot of other things importantly have to happen okay they have to go through the right funnel they have to go through the Right video Sal scripts there's different video ad scripts you can actually use to set up these ads better on YouTube and Google the targeting the whole hoopla there's a lot more to advertis than just making cool sexy images we get it which is why below this video my exact ad funnels my ad scripts my ad targeting the exact type of procs and type of funnel I like to use it's all here on YouTube listed below so after this video and throughout this video I'm going to mention a few other tactics which you can watch below it's all given away totally for free I have no info products or education course or Mastermind to sell you I'm already extremely rich I don't have to do that my only hope here is that if I help you make more money with this content via your ad you're going to think to yourself maybe I should track my ads maybe I shouldn't run my ads like a drunken baboon because if I track where my sales come from accurately I'm going to be able to optimize my ads and then get more of those sales cheaper that's common [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense we all know this when you make more money from this content I'm going to give you you're going to come and use my company hyros to track your ads to thus make more money from your ads we in fact guaranteed or you don't pay for hyros so that's my theory here I hope it works out so let's talk about these image ads and why we want to be doing this so on top of giving you my exact blueprint right here that works on YouTube it works on Facebook it works on Google heck you can probably copy this over to Tik Tok if you want but imats has some very unique uh benefits the first one being you can be a lazy sack of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and make these work you don't have to shoot video ads you don't have to do anything and these are actually beating video ads in many instances the clickr rates and people looking at them is just it's better in a lot of instances the reason for that is with image ads you're really able to get your entire message across and less than five seconds which is going to get the click okay and this is super important in many instances because getting the click is 90% of the battle getting the attention and expressing everything is 90% of the battle so this is why I think it's been working a lot better and then three it stands out so right now everybody's doing video ads I'm sure as you scroll through Facebook heck I can go do it right now if we look through the video you actually see one of my ads right here's the video at ignore that but you can see they all blend together into one just giant hoopla of something you've seen seen before nobody's really running images right now and if you notice when you drive through you stop to look at images like this a lot like stuff like this you don't look at this you look at stuff like this stuff like this like this is what gets people to look at stuff on social media right now people's attention spans are so short that image ads really played this better than even a 5-second 10-second video ad so let's go through the steps to making a really good image now the cool thing about image is you can Mass split test them very easily you can change the colors you can change the text of them rapidly it gives you an advantage you wouldn't naturally have in video ads but I want to show you this technique being used in the most high stakes form of image ads to Art which is YouTube thumbnails because when you put up a video on YouTube you have one shot at the headline you have one shot at the thumbnail yeah there's some split testing features on YouTube but they're dog they don't work so you really have to get it right the first time meaning you got to know what you're doing and so what I want to walk you through through is the techniques I use for thumbnails on this channel and my other channel and as you can see my channels greatly outperform other channels if you look at crypto channels for example the average views there is probably like 50 to 100K I get about 500,000 views per video if you look at this Channel and advertising the average view on channels in this space is about 3,000 5,000 views we're getting 20 50,000 views a video right now I'm going to explain to you why this is happening because if you understand this you can make phenomenal video and images jzs and you can also apply this to your YouTube so there's three steps to this one there's the trigger okay and what the trigger is is what gets the person's eyes on the image and what we want to do is we want to disturb the person in some way okay whether this can be making them mad giving them a punchable face which I'm going to talk about here in a second turning them on a little bit to playing a little bit with their dopamine systems making them feel judged shamed or some type of emotion we have to put an image on here that makes them feel some type of emotion whether it's disgust Amusement interest it has to be something that triggers them okay then what we're going to do is we're going to create curiosity not just curiosity but targeted curiosity all right if I wanted to get everyone's attention on YouTube and get them to click I could make a thumbnail with a a girl with a big rack and put she made 6 million on only fans this month everybody would click that not only are they triggered by the picture of the hot girl but then they have the story right here how the heck do she make $6 million and they're all thinking I hate her so they're all going to click it but then when I start talking about advertising on my video Channel or talking about cryptocurrency they're not going to watch it so we have to find a way not just to trigger curiosity and interest to get the click but we have to get the right people clicking and then finally we have to create a story with a headline that must be completed if the person is our target market okay so what I mean by this is I can create anything a story like hey girl makes 6 million on only fans how did that happen that that's great that's going to get a click but that story headline isn't something that's necessarily going to need to be completed by our target market for example at hyos I have to not only catch a person's attention but I have to catch the attention of someone that's interested in running advertising if I'm going to run these ads I have to trigger their curiosity and then I have to create a story that a person who run runs ads will then click on which is again actually being able to run your ads correctly and makeone from them and make a much higher Roi from your ads which again I'm not going to shamelessly shill you hyros too much in this video but I don't see how you expect to make ads work when you can see right here if I'm tracking calls just for hyros right here on this one ad account you can see in this example Facebook caught 32 calls hyros tracking caught 61 Facebook tracking caught two calls hyros tracking caught nine you can see tracking is off on Facebook and Google by 50 100% in some instances Base number one thing you have to do if you're running ads is know where the sales are coming from so you can turn off ads that are not working and clearly see the ads that are and then scale them up with your true numbers if you're not doing that you're wasting are losing 20 30 40% of your potential profit from ads so please as I teach you this image technique that's going to make you more money from your ads you should go and make even more money from your ads by not running them like a drunken pirate and actually being able to track your real results and real numbers so you can actually scale these things so let's talk about this thumbnail on our Biz roids channel that just did very well okay and this applies to all the thumb THB nails they on my crypto videos and everything this is the core concept right here so why does thumbnail do very well there's three things that are happening right here there's the trigger there's the Curiosity triggering text in the image and then there is the headline what a lot of people do when they're running their image ads or creating any images is they try to do they don't try to do these steps in order and they try to convey way too much um at a time without actually uh engaging the target so they're going to put images that try to tell the story their their headline text is going to try and convey way too much information or it doesn't convey the right information and their headline doesn't trigger a click you have to use each part of the image as its own targeted sniper like action so if you look at this image we have to start with the trigger the trigger is Whatever Gets the person's eyeballs there so in a lot of examples right here what I like to do in my videos for example is I like to make a very punchable face okay whenever I used to watch YouTube there was this like 18-year-old YouTuber had like broccoli hair genen Z as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] very annoying looking kid and he'd always have faces like this in his videos and I wanted to punch him at all times but what was the result I'd stop I'd look at him I'd hate him and then I'd look at the damn thumbnail and then I would go and look at the headline and I click his video and I at least watch it for a few minutes it worked the kid was getting millions of views in the marketing space so that story aside what I'm going to try and do with all my videos is I like to give them a punchable face that just works for me what happens is a person sees this and they get triggered they feel a little bit of anger resentment some type of negative emotion that gets them to then read the story of the ad now for triggers you don't just have to use a punchable face you can use for example if you ever saw those images ads back in the day there'd be a picture of like this weird farmer um you know with his shirt off in a field and it would say like the IRS hates him he found a way to break the system once for all and Escape taxes on his farm something like that the trigger on that was the weird guy with the Pitchfork and that that ad sounds so played out and so generic because it worked for so long for a decade you could just run that ad and make money okay and it used the same exact format we're going through right here so what you want to do is you want to use some image that triggers them another good example that doesn't involve faces or people is I saw a weight loss ad and they got like a bunch of eggs egg yolks all together and they put them all together so it looked like fat or something and then they put like that in the image and that Drew people's eyeballs to the image because it was disgusting to look at so I want you to think about you're going to have to split test this and use different things and certain triggers will work better than others but think about what image can I put in my ad that will draw a person's eyeballs to the image first that's priority number one get the eyeballs on the ad the face right here Eyes eye contact also very important because people are drawing the faces and eye contact that all works very well obviously you could go and throw like a hot woman or something on here but what I'd also suggest with these triggers is don't use something that they see repeatedly for example if you put hot babes in your ass everybody's seen hot babes and it's not probably going to create the best thing for your brain so think about this split test different triggers now what I want to do with the text as well is I want to do a few things I want to trigger them create some type of emotion and then I want to create a story a provocative story that they then must get the answer to all right or creates a question in their head creates a question in their head pequs their curiosity and I must make sure it's getting the right people so let's look at this headline right here hey stupid obviously triggering run sexual ads obviously the sexual word right here triggering okay um it's very provocative these two parts right here create a very provocative statement that gets the person hooked okay but then when we say run sexual ads then sell this this calls out my target market right here obviously this makes it very clear that this video that they're going to see is going to be about advertising and selling things so what I've done is I've captured the attention of everybody I've created a provocative story that then appeals only to my target audience and then reels my target audience in this is the goal of the headline that's in the image all right there's a headline that goes below the image that it's about to get the click but what we're trying to do right here is we're trying to get their curiosity peaked and filter them and make it provocative so they actually are interested like their curiosity is very peaked out this statement right here creates a lot of curiosity now this is finished by the headline of this video which is I explain an ad funnel that makes me $72,000 a day and so what does this headline right here that is going to go below the video I'm sure you've seen ads on Facebook and gole Google I'm sure you've seen YouTube videos you're watching one right now you you look at that headline last and that headline what it does is it creates the story that they then must click to finish I explain an ad phunnel that makes me $72,000 a day so what has happened I caught the person's attention I hooked their curiosity and filtered them to make sure my target audience and then I presented them with a story that they must complete this ad funnel make $72,000 what's the ad phone how do it work that's an extreme amount of money how is he doing this and that's the end position I want my target user in they're going to click and then they're going to watch the video now of course the video then has to heavily relate to the story and all the imagery I put right here of course the ad has to relate to that and for example you really want to make sure that your image ads and your landing pages line up using what I like to call the sell a pizza get a pizza technique that is broken down below under this video it shows how you can make your ads relate very heavily and pre-sell your landing pages to dramatic i al increased conversion so watch that video below this it's incredibly useful for this technique I'm giving you right here but you can see those three steps have been accomplished and if we go over to my YouTube channel you can see if we go look at my most popular videos recently you can see I'm using this technique over and over and over again all right so if we go look at one video that did really well like don't run ads to poor people you can see right here what am I doing trigger punchable face hey stupid don't run ads to poor people what is that very provocative very obnoxious and it's it mentions ads it filters the target audience in and then I explain an ad tactic that made me 150 million at 30 super engaging story let's look at it in crypto okay let's look at this technique used over there and then we're going to hop over to add accounts and break this down for advertising so let's look at some of my best converting videos right here so obviously you can see I'm using similar faces over here you can see I'm using the same technique across the board and you can see when I'm not using a triggering face look at this one right here the face isn't is triggering it's kind of boring okay doesn't not as many views okay not as many views right here so you can see that pattern kind of playing out right here now what's happening right here hey stupid dump Bitcoin buy these very triggering image triggering provocative headline in the text sell Bitcoin these seven crypto coins will 23x by 2025 with a story that then a person that's interested in cryto crypto investing must engage in now let's look at a few other things with these images before we actually hop over to ad images what are what's going on in these images you can see how I am using a very simple background in the images because I want the text and the face to stand out we don't need goodlooking images you can actually see on my business Channel a lot of the images like still have pixels around them it's just because I go in Photoshop rip out the background shuck it out there no effort you don't need the images to look good what we need to do is remember how the person's eyes work and what our goals are we want to get them to our trigger that's it we don't want them to look at a pretty AG go wow this this guy's a great designer we want to lock their eyes eyes locked okay then we want to drag their eyes to the image headline dump Bitcoin big red titles right here okay they go this is what's going to attract them right there then they're going to see hey stupid and buy these that's how their eyes are going to work when they look at this they're going to go hey stupid dump Bitcoin buy these buy what and then they go to the headline because they need more information sell Bitcoin these seven cryptos whatever all right you can see where it's going from here and you can see this this this strategy has been repeated over and over and over again now a few of the things are going on right here if you notice on the face in the trigger I make sure to make it stand out I make it very bright overc contrasted I've gone and made the eyes even deeper blue to drink people's face uh uh attension in I I go and also increase the brightness around the eyes so people's eyes and everything come in and some really good channels you can look at for inspiration for thumbnails Beast mister or Mr Beast if you look at Mr Beast thumbnails he's like the master of doing this when it comes to images so what he's doing the exact same technique but what he's doing right here let me make sure you can see this is for entertainment videos I don't think that headline in the image works as as good as um it does in info or business or infotainment type videos I do like so for example crypto or business videos I want to use text in the image for entertainment videos you can see what Mr Beast does really well right here is again all the things I talk about when it comes to the face all right he lures you in with the face you see the face right here ion overcasted face even if it wasn't his face on there this would reel you in all right obviously because you he has his face in there it's going to get a little bit more attention but same exact concept okay you can even see this face is a little bit triggering it's a little bit like there's something off about it it brings you in all right it triggers you then you can see he tells a story a provocative story with the image in the background you can see this ship right here and then this golden ship it looks crazy it it creates this this curiosity what's going on here the same way the text and my images does then $1 versus $1 million yacht it's a story that you must complete if we go to Alex Heros Channel you're going to see the same exact tactics and Alex is very very well um as far as business videos go so when you look at his videos especially his most popular ones that do the best okay um let's go find his most popular videos all right you can see how he's doing the same exact thing in two different ways so here's the Mr Beast effect right here you got the triggering face you got the money in the background there's some story being told here why is he upset why is he why is he angry why is there money in the background okay same exact thing what really does well here and a really good example of just the text one that I really prefer for ads and info based channels as you can see he has the face right here there's some story it triggers you in it pulls you in why is what's why is his expression like this obviously Alex's brand is a little bit different than mine mine is provocative triggering and obnoxious his is not so he's not using the same type of punchable face but you can see this sell to the rich right here this is very true triggering right here this is this is a triggering headline right here obviously it's going to attract people that want to sell things and want to make more money and then he has a story right here in the headline you can see how everything works one point at a time so now that you've seen this pattern over and over again let's apply it to ads now the same process works on Google ads Facebook ads anywhere you put up an image with a headline combination this is where it works now the reason why I covered YouTube ads so much is because that's the highest Stakes highest level of this technique when it comes to paid ads you can split test 50 different images 5050 different headlines 50 different triggers you really you really can get it wrong and you just have to get it right once with YouTube you have to get the thumbnail right you have to get the headline right or the video doesn't do well and you just wasted 30 minutes making the video and all you can only upload so many times per week you only put up two to three images so when you're looking at the video thumbnails and headlines on YouTube that is the Super Bowl that is the UFC of image ad creating okay so once we move move over to ads themselves it's far easier because we can test everything so let's look at one of my ads on hyos it does super well this thing craps money it does great now I'm going to give you one little tip before we talk about this I find that image ads work particularly well for retargeting ads because the person already knows your brand and they know about you now there's two different types of image ads we want to use whether we're using cold ads or we're using retargeting ads which I'm going to get into in this so what I'm going to to do is this is a cold traffic ad this is meant for people that don't know what hyros is so you can see what do we got going on right here the thing that I've done wrong in this ad is this image is not triggering this is actually a bad ad and I'm pretty sure I can make this better by making this image better how would I do this what I'd use is the hyros dashboard but I'd put in weird images like show like an ad manage or dashboard maybe put in weird images like a creepy face or you know boobs or something that looks like a turd this is just me being an iMat goof right here but there's all sorts of weird things you can put in a software dashboard to draw someone's eye in you can see how I'm going to use something that's going to trigger people the same way now you can see I'm using the text to create a curiosity Peak that is filtered my ads are scaling so fast I had to take a damn loan one thing I want to point out is I Ed the word Dam in this why using little slight cursives catches attention better General tip for you my ads are scaling so fast I had to take a damn loan it's a triggering statement it's not as controversial or crazy as my um as my YouTube videos but it has the same effect on someone that's running ads why are they scaling so fast why do you have to take a damn loan what what am I missing right here I wish my ads were scaling all this works together so you can see the image drags the person's eye in okay the text right here creates curiosity then they're going to go and check these headlines to figure out what the heck is going on can't scal your ads in 153 test it increased ad scale by 15.3% here's how the big and more important one right here is new data plus AI grew ad scale 15.3% on average this is going to trigger anybody that is interested in making more money in their ads to click this ad and then they're going to go to the page and the whole other marketing tactics like the video sales or the videos that I have selling the copywriting on the page the funnel I'm using which are all linked Below in this video go to the description it's all there that's where all that's going to come into play but you can see the same exact pattern being used I use in my YouTube videos and there's even ways we can systematically see how to improve this because the whole point is getting the hooked creating curiosity getting them to this headline right here and on to the next page and this headline here new data plus AI grows ad scale or grew ad scale by 15.3% on average the person is going to click to complete this story right here and by the way if you're interested in that again yes hyros does that and we guarantee it or you don't pay for it you can see literally in this ad right here as I'm using this hus tracking is beating Facebook tracking as much as 200% in some instances right here if you're not using accurate stats you're running your ads like a drunk baboon so bonus tip actually track where your sales are coming from if you're using base tracking it's not going to cut it you're losing so much money for no reason so again maybe track your ads but you can see the same exact tactic being used right here that we use on YouTube it works this thing beats a lot of our video ads so to wrap things up let's look at one other image ad that works very very well this works well on gdn it works well on Facebook ads say crush it for us and this is a different type of image ad but it's not too different I just want to point out a few things that are key here so this is a remarketing ad for people that already know what hus is and one of the best things you can do when it comes to advertising is using image ads to people that have visit your website almost like an email list because they're so cheap to run you can hit these people so targetedly and you can also dominate places that most people aren't running Adge which is the side areas on Facebook and then gdn people aren't running ads very aggressively or at the same rate that they are as they are video ads that are in stream on YouTube and Instagram that's just what people all lean towards so what's going on here I think you can already tell me if you've been watching this video triggering face brings the person in this is too much ands soon the one caveat here is people already know who I am or they've they've already been the hyos and they don't need to be told what hyos does they don't need to be filtered the fact that they've already been on the H highis website means they're my target audience so I'm not doing the filtering I'm just creating a provocative headline right here this is too much ands soon what's too much it's too soon why does Alex look like he has to poop these all things trigger the person in and get them to read the point of the ad 30% off hos pre- Black Friday prep sale the entire point of the ad is to get them to read this right here they already know what hyros is they already probably know if they're interested or not and all I really need to do is get them to click right now so what I'm doing is I'm not explaining hey this AI improves results or anything like that what I'm doing is I'm saying literally if you've been interested in this it's time to click now and you can see I'm using the same pattern just to express different things it's not about following in a cookie cutter way it's about understanding the pattern itself trigger the person reel them in create a headline or something story that they become curious about use the headline or the final headline text to reel them in On promotional ads or direct ads I like to just use a big straightup click now headline like this one to really bring the person in I'm not really going to rely on this headline or the description too much because we don't need to the the point of the that is much more simple the person's a lot further along the sales process already and so that in this long-winded video is exactly why and how I run image ads I think this is probably one of the most powerful techniques you can use because you can spit out image ads so quickly you can text or test all the colors the headlines images super quickly and if you use them correctly in this pattern I'm going to show you they will beat video ads a lot of the times and allow you to give a have at least a good mix of video ads and image ads which you want to have you don't want to just have purely video ads so this is everything this video has already gone way too long I don't have anything else to say if you want to see the funnels I'm running link below this video if you want to see the exact scripts I use on my video ads as the worked and sold hundreds of millions of dollars worth of product at this point they're below as well if you want to see how I make my video sales videos and all the stuff that happens on the page the funnels themselves after that has clicked it's right below this video I have nothing else to say see you next video

================================================================================
TITLE: I Explain An Ad Funnel That Makes Me $72,000 A Day
VIDEO ID: oIX1cPYm-qw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIX1cPYm-qw
================================================================================

hi you run ads on Facebook and Google and nobody buys your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or maybe they're not buying your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the rates that you like them to buy your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at and you don't know why maybe it's because what you're selling sucks just kidding that couldn't possibly be it not in a thousand years there's obviously something wrong with the people on the internet there's something wrong with Facebook and Google ads what you're selling is by far the best product to ever exist on Planet Earth it couldn't possibly be the issue and that issue is what we're going to clear up today because in this video I'm going to give you an ad funnel that you can use on your Facebook Google or if you interact with that filth known as gen Z on Tik Tock ads you can use this ad funnel to sell virtually more of anything and I know a lot of people that make ad content promise you that but I can tell you this as a fact because I have more subscribers to them and more subscribers equals better ad know how just kidding the reason I can tell you this is because I've been applying this to my businesses and it absolutely shs money compared to funnels I've ran in the past and if you don't know I've been running ads for almost a decade now I built multiple businesses past eight figures I've even built a nine figure business all fueled by ads and on top of that I am the CEO of one of the largest ad tracking companies on the entire internet which allows me to see what's working across billions of dollars in ad spend per month so if you're going to get your ad knowhow from somebody you could get it from worst sources so what I want to do is I want to break down this funnel to you because what it allows you to do is basically net in tons and tons of customers that are likely to buy your product very very cheap deeply and then once you have these people it then allows you to hit them right in the jugler and do the number one thing that's going to get them to come to your site and buy something and so what I've been doing is I've been running this one two punch combination recently cost per call goes down cost per sale goes down and the money we make the number that goes up which is very nice so if you enjoy making more money from your ads as opposed to less money listen to this it works very well let me show you so look this method I'm going to show you right here is turbocharged by the funnels that I've taught you on this channel and the test monial Gathering method that I've taught you on this channel as well everything that I mention as additional content in this video by the way it's all on this channel for free I'm already incredibly rich I don't need to sell you anything I just want to help you with your advertising so that you make more money and then when you make more money you might want to actually track your ads because if you track where your sales are coming from you can get more of them in an efficient way and make more money which I assume is your goal here so I figure if I help you make enough money here you'll eventually want to stop running your ads like a blind baboon and make more money from them and then you'll pick up hyros that's the strategy I hope it works so hey below this video go in the description get the additional content the funnels the testimonial method cuz I'm not going to cover those in this video because then this would be like an hour long video and I know you have the ADHD of a toddler so I'm going to try and rush through this snippit this bite-sized piece of content to get it to you super quick so the way this method works is you have to understand the Baseline of getting anybody to buy anything from you in there now there's a whole bunch of hoopla you can do you can make a pretty page and have some crazy Spiel texts on it you can have Jessica Alba come down from a parachute and say whatever you're selling doesn't suck but if you really want to get anybody to buy anything it comes down to these two things now this is a very big simplification but one you need their attention Okay need their attention you also need a way to Target them efficiently which it's it's I'm going to keep this at two things but it's technically three so you need their attention or why do you need their attention cuz they're not going to hear you or see you or pay attention to and then you can't sell them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so that's wrapped up right there pretty obvious but two they need to believe that it's going to get the result that they're looking for now these these seem so simple but everybody F them up a lot of people the reason why their ads don't work is no one pays attention to them and then when people see the ad and click the page they don't believe it's going to get them the result they want in return for what they're paying it's really just that damn simple if you had a skincare product that everyone believ would make their wrinkles go away 100% you could charge $1,000 a bottle like G Peri does if you had a shoe that made people run faster people would pay thousands of dollars for it so they could win their races if you had a product that guaranteed delivered an Roi every single time and everybody believed when they saw your page they they actually truly believe that they gave you $1,000 they' make $3,000 $55,000 you wouldn't have any problem selling your product the problem is that's not the case and the way you're hitting your customers is not achieving these two things with a mix of this targeting Third Secret step right here this what I'm going to show you right here solves all of these so let's start from the beginning so I'm going to break down a funnel that I've been running at hyos but this applies to virtually anything so look this basically has two steps and what we're doing is we're building an ad funnel so what is an ad funnel an ad funnel is basically where you use a series of ads to get a person to a destination because in basic terms when you first interact with a customer and the last time you interact with a customer in completely different states of Minds the first time you interact with them they have no idea who you are or what you do or how you you have none of their attention whatsoever you don't even know what they're into okay and then by the end of it they do know who you are they've probably built some rapport with them and they're in a completely different state of mind and Report with you by the time they see your last ad so what we do is we use ads to build an initial relationship and then we use ads to close them and we go down this chain this is pretty common but the way we're doing it here is a little bit unique so how can we go and get their attention in the most maximal bigly way convince them that our product works this is how so what I've been doing at hyros and I will work anywhere else as you might notice we've been running some really goofy goofy ass ads if you've ever seen for example I'm not going to play all these ads right here CU they're really there's not much to them that I could break down quickly in a video I I copy wrote it and wrote all these ads but if you go and watch them which I'll link to one of them Below in the video it's very similar to The Squatty Potty famous ads you saw back in the day or the ads that purple used to run just goofy attention grabbing ads that really lay out the benefit of the product hey this is hyos here's a funny explanation of what we do we track ads in a way that maximizes revenue and on average businesses that come and use us make 15 to 20% more we guarantee it or you do not pay for it which we actually do if you want to track your eyes you come track us out but very simple that's the goal of this ad right here I want to catch their attention and introduce them to what we do and why we rock at it while setting up a good brand Rapport now this these ads right here are kind of expensive to make you got to have a crew and whatnot you can achieve the same effect of this for example if you've ever seen my my Pikachu ad on YouTube for hyos or you ever saw any of my ads for hcom or info products we used to sell if you can get a $70 green screen you can make funny ads you can if you don't want to be in the ad you can have someone come to your house I guess and read a script for you I don't know you might have to leave your comfort zone just a little bit to make millions of dollars in business I hate to break it too but these ads you don't need to have these high production value ads I've gotten the same effect in ctrs and whatever with just me in a green screen wearing a Pikachu suit or doing something creative and I'll link to a few of those uh lowbudget ads below here so why am I doing this all right so if you look at any AD platform you're able to retarget people that view your ads for a certain amount of time at least YouTube and Facebook I'm not super familiar with Tik Tok ads cuz if I go on that website I I get a case of AIDS almost immediately it takes me weeks to clear up I just don't go there anymore by all means you can do it but what these sites allow you to do is build audiences based on views so for example Facebook is going to allow you to send in everybody that viewed these funny ads now I'm going to go and target people that viewed these ads for more than 30 seconds why do I do this not 30% 30 seconds 45 seconds give or take the higher you increase this time right here the better the audience is going to be but it's going to be smaller so why do I do this I want to pull every single person that is interested in an ad about running ads more efficiently and so the ad is built for maximum attention okay and so I'm maximizing the amount of people that are interested in ads that will view this ad past 30 seconds I just want to build this giant audience nobody who's not interested in ads is going to be sitting around watching this ad video anybody that is is going to see this video and the fact that it's so weird and kind of unique is going to get them to view it for at least 3 seconds so then I have this big old audience right here that knows what we do and what we are essentially okay so all right hirers is that company that tracks ads guarantees an increase in ad spend Roi supposedly they they claim what they do is pretty special and I'll make more money if I use them so where is this person at right now they know who we are they know what we do we know what we promise but there's one thing missing right here so of course on these these ads right here I'm going to link to our website you know and if you go to our website I mean I think we have a pretty good website I've did all the copywriting and everything for these pages I think it's good but this isn't the the secret sauce right here I'm just send the website go find all your things maybe we can get into how this website is designed to convert later on but not right now what we're really missing in this situation is the fact that the customer does not believe in the result I mean why would they they just met me I'm I'm like Hey we're going to make you give us a, bucks we're going to make you like a billion dollars they're not going to believe me right away okay so that's fine because I have them in the Rapport state right now where they know who we are what we do and what we promise great so once they're on this big list right here what I'm going to do I found just works so much better than everything else is just go straight for the jugular with testimonials and then bash them over the head with what I like to call the testimonial page of Truth and Justice so what is this so I want to show you by far our best converting ad okay and this actually pisses me off because I like to do creative things I would love if I could make those big creative um high quality videos and those things converted but they don't really convert really well they just get attention they just get lots of attention and brand Rapport the thing that converts really well is this and it's so simple and it's so stupid that it makes me sad because I just have to do simple and stupid things all day it's simply add getting testimonials from as big and as many people as we can so if we go right here and you look at this ad right here we have testimon some some really big brands at hyros now are you going to have testimonials from famous celebrities and giant businesses when you start your business no you're probably not that's fine hrus is a business valued at hundreds of millions of dollars we've been around for like a decade we've built up tons of testimonials report and results over the years so of course don't expect to have those same results but if you want to see how to get testimonials and how to stack them up very very quickly at your business there's a video right below here that shows you how my exact process for getting testimonials results and famous people and Brands to use your company it's all right below this video so you build your way up to this and you use kind of a testimonial ladder to get to the bigger names and whatnot but I'm not going to talk about that right now cuz there's a whole entire video about it below so if we go to this ad right here you can see we just have endless testimonials from like giant Brands and really well-known people so obviously getting testimonals from really big Brands and well-known people is great obviously what do we want to put in these specific ads right here the most important and most impactful one is again what I just laid out right there but testimonies from your customers that are based around these specific results so for example when I see people running business ads B2B ads they put like customer support was great or wow such a warm great business I really feel successful with this no if you're a business or B2B ads business your only thing you want to have in the ads specifically if they're not from really well-known people if it's from a well-known pear just use whatever you're going to get but if you don't have that and you're giving it from customers it has to be based around the direct result AK we made money if it's B2B if it's skin care my skin is cleared up in this amount of time or what I feel works most of all or best in e-commerce if you can is some type of scientific proof so for example last last week I talked about how people are making a killing selling cotton gym clothes because everybody's getting plastic in their balls from their polyester shorts so our company I saw was doing really well put up a big old study on how everyone's balls are being savagely wrecked by microplastics that's a result right there the result is your balls don't get cancer or a really successful neut Tropic company that I saw back in the day what they did to make their ads appear way more legit is I got a bunch of independent studies and they showed all those results right there and eventually I think they got like a testimony from Joe Rogan so they combine these both together so those are the two things you're going to want to shoot for obviously testimonal from customers you should have those get them from as big as well-known people as you can and then use scientific case studies and backing and whatnot or for a really good example um from like the lower kind of B Toc you can see some school's advertisements where alosi is basically like um on average every single person that starts a school business makes at least $1,500 per month really great stats like that work really well now this is not the whole case of it what we're doing is we just hook them in with report so they know who we are and now we are undeniably proving that we get the result that they're looking for and is important to them now of course when they come to your site there's going to be games with price and how much the result is worth to them so for example if you're selling like a a guitar lessons course no one's going to be paying a 2K for that course unless there's something really special inside it or something whereas if you you're selling a business product that makes someone $220,000 per month you can easily charge them $1,000 per month no problem so again it's based on the products I think we all understand so I'm not going to talk about that but we're proving them undeniably that the result is there and so we have this huge audience of people that are target market have their attention now we're showing them a result and getting them interest what we have to do is we have to get them to click so preferably what you want to do in these ads I'm not doing this this one but we're running a new one starting this week that does is you want to remove all risk and give them a reason or an urgent reason to click the ad this is going to drive your CTR up and then also remove the friction so for example in our new ad when a person clicks it it points out at the beginning of the year people are going to be able to get our new AI Suite which is pretty sweet I'm not going to I'm done Shilling hos in this video let's just get you the content I think you're already sold anyways you'll be buying immediately after this video but what we do is we point out that if they click now they're going to get this upgrade or whatever for free so there's a reason to click now there's a reason to click now that's all that's really there it just has to be a reason to click now you can get even crazier with it like the price increases tomorrow what out but whenever you use massive crazy scarcity for example you see like internet marketers who have a new discounted onetime lifetime price every other week that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gets old with customers real quick so I I prefer really to be kind of lowkey and just have a very low subtle reason to click and then what I have right here is a guarantee like your ads grow you don't pay you want to have some bold crazy guarantee because you need to have a a big bed on the table moment so for example if I told you I can shoot a three-pointer from across the court uh 50 out of 50 times in a row you say well I don't believe you but I've said okay well here's $50,000 in the table if I go in the court right now and shoot 50 in a row you you have to pay me 50 Grand now what is that going to do because I just put 50 Grand down on the table you're a little bit more skeptical about judging me on there like if this guy's going to put 50 Grand behind us it he probably can do it that's the same thing with refund guarantees you want to use refund guarantees as a sales tactic in themselves so for example at hyros if your ads don't grow by 15% you don't have to pay for it if you don't want that's that sounds absurd so a person's like well if he's going to make this guarantee and they've been around for a long time this crap must obviously work especially since they have all these testimonials so now we're really laying into the person with these results results results and then what we're going to do is we're going to link them to what I like to call the results page of Truth and Justice what is this it is just a obnoxious page full of results so I think I told this story a few videos ago back when I used to sell uh little scuzzy scam products they weren't scams but they were this is about as lowlevel only fans internet marketing as you can get selling W so's on Warrior form woo that was some dark times back in 2012 is 2013 anyways so what are we doing on this page whenever I was on the forums people have these crazy long sales pages with like the the most wingding Dan Kennedy sales copyrighting you ever see you could you could tell they spent like a year writing this thing just oh just the chef's kiss what I would do that I found works much better is I would just make like a a post selling something I'd write like some short copy and then I would just Spam it with results I just Spam there just be pages and pages and pages and pages and videos and videos just like obscene amount you can't scroll past it you're not even going to attempt to scroll past the amount of results this converts so much better than everything else why cuz the only thing people really care about is if they give you money they get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] result if you had a skincare cream like I said that actually got rid of wrinkles and people believed it would do it they'd pay you $200 $500 a bottle for it all day Kim Kardash should be smearing on her butt and put it all over Instagram you'd be crapping money but the thing the reason why people don't buy your product is they don't believe it's going to get them the result that's really what it comes down to or in the rare cases you've completely priced it out of the market so you like have a skincare cream but it's 20,000 000 like no one's going to buy that but that's very rarely the case I'm going to assume most of you price your products at something relative to your industry so let's not Bame in on the price quite yet if anything you should probably be charging more which you can when you use this so you can say I have a sales video here and everything like that and um all you have to do is just go to H highs.com and hus results if you want to see this page just Google it but what do I do here I make the case in a very short video you can see this sales video right here by most standards is pretty Dam damn short it's like 6 minutes most people like 20 minute videos or whatnot and really the call to action in this video is within the first minute and a half what this really is because I don't expect people to watch seven minutes of ads I expect them to watch maybe the first minute so really what I want them to do and the whole entire pitch is made in the first minute you can go watch this video if you want or my video uh sales page scripts are all already on this channel then what do I do I just spend the entire page proving that it works because really people don't need to be sold too much on the features or what it does or all the things about it what they need to be convinced of it's it's going to get them the result they want and then we can figure out everything out out else out on the sales page or then they're going to go if you're not doing call funnels which not every bu business should do a call funnel they're going to go and investigate on the rest of the site now armed with the fact that you really get the result that they want and you have the person in the buying situation right now if they want this result and you do a good enough job explaining the rest of site they're going to buy they're going to book that call so you can see right here all I'm doing is one smothering them with well-known Brands and then showing them just Our Endless amount of customers that are getting results and then focusing when I use the customer results right here what I do is I highlight the money Parts okay all these videos right here what we focus on is money okay so you can see we've even gone and cut these ads down to the parts where the person's talking purely about money money money why because look as as great as our customer support is and as great as everything we do at high resist the only thing you care about is more money and so that's going to be the thing that gets people in the calls I don't talk about how our our highrisk exension tracks phone calls or shows them better which by the way I mean look at this one ad set right here 39 calls tracked by Harris 19 calls tracked by Facebook if I was running Facebook ads right here and only using Facebook tracking I'd have no idea where my calls are coming from I don't understand how you're going to buy ads effectively if you don't know where 50% of your sales are coming from but whatever just just keep running ads without tracking it's fine soft hyro shill I know but we're just going to smash them over the head with results and then what are we going to do after this we're going to complete the trifecta because I'm going to assume that when a person first clicks this result ad they're probably on their phone or something and I don't think people they don't they don't book calls as much as they do from phones and they they don't buy as much from phones as they should or maybe they were in a place where they didn't have their card ready they weren't ready to buy at that time so what we're finally going to do is when people come to this result page right here okay they come to the result page we're going to retarget them with more testimonials and video ads so when a person comes here what I'm going to start doing is hitting them with demo videos more results ads testimonials so what I do that's really effective is we take all of our customers testimonials are based around money and we cut out the 5-second 3 second Clips to where they're talking about money and then we just layer them on top of themselves for 60 seconds so it's just like I made money I made money I made money and you want to do the same thing for whatever your prodct the skincare is like I cured my acne I cured my acne if you have that gym short company I talk about like my balls are plastic free my balls are plastic free I don't have Aids in my balls anymore my balls fantastic wonderful experience I no longer piss blood um anyways you get the point and so this type of funnel strategy right here works like Gang Busters because it focus on the two things that people uh need to buy your product which is attention which We Gather and ability to Target them and then brutally absolutely harassing them with results you do these three things right here and then you make a pretty good do you just do a basically good job on the rest of your website the rest like the rest of your business by the way your product should work I if a lot of people are going to mess me like but Alex what if everybody uses their prodct and gets no results what do we do then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you I don't have time for this we got to get those results all right so you got to build a business that actually works and so this is the strategy I've been using it's so simple it's so dumb it works like crazy I mean this is this is this builds everything you could just do this like don't do anything complicated just do this now if you want to see the funnels that I'm using here link below in this video or at the end of the video you want to see the ad copy and the ad script I'm using link below or at the end of this video you want to see how I get all those testimonials there's a link in the description at the end of this video everything I know about advertising I just give away for free on this channel because I don't have info courses or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to sell you I just want you to make more money from your ads and then think to yourself wow I like way more money maybe I should track my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ads and see where my sales are coming on from so I can get them more cheaply and effectively instead of wasting tons of money on ads guessing and then maybe you'll use hyro so that's my thesis but don't stress about that just browse around the channel get some over the good content and juicy goodness apply the stuff make more money from your ads and uh subscribe and then I'll I'll come back and see you next video and we'll talk about some more ad stuff also by the way like 90% of you viewing this channel you're interested in ads but 90% plus of you are not subscribed this channel absolutely F when it comes to ads seriously there's no one on YouTube that has more access to ad data or actively not just running ads but also actively building the businesses the ads go through there's no one that's going to give you better information than me when it comes to getting people to clicky clicky your ads on the internet and then get them to buy your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so why don't you subscribe because I release a video every week and they're pretty good and I don't sell you anything I don't have an info product or some course or Mastermind or coaching program I'll just tell you what I'm doing so uh subscribe it's a good place to be [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: This GROSS Ad Script Makes Me $10,400 Hour
VIDEO ID: OKLP1Fn2Mi0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKLP1Fn2Mi0
================================================================================

no you skeptical silly goose the tile this video is not clickbait I'm actually going to give you a six-step script process that I have used for decades at this point since the 80s since before the internet was even created since before I was born this ad script is eternal it's that powerful but on a real note I have used this exact script for almost a decade at this point to print hundreds of millions of dollars online this has worked for me in selling courses and education this has worked for me in e-commerce this currently works for me in SAS I cannot find a better method than this because it's my theory that this is the Baseline of getting a human's attention and convincing them to do anything in a quick period of time there is no process I can come up with no process I've been able to find that makes ads that convert as highly as this and I've just stopped at this point I just literally come to this script every single time I want to create a Facebook Google ad or in these days now Tik Tok ads which makes my skin crawl every time I access that platform interacting with Gen Z gives me AIDS almost every single time I do it but you got to do it they got these days you're going to have to learn how to make Jake Paul your customer if you want to survive in this space but back on topic if we looking for a quick form way to get people to do what we want come to our website and then buy something this cannot be beaten and trust me I've tried hundreds of times I've gotten creative with my ads I've made new types of content I've followed all the hip-hop cool things the cool kids are doing in ads and every single time I come back to this dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's like I have this butter knife that is undefeated in Sword combat and no matter how many crazy things I create lightsabers s samurai swords I don't know something from Final Fantasy this butter knife keeps getting better results and it's annoying because I want to use something fancy and cool you probably to too but this butter knife of advertising cannot be beaten have I talked this up enough good welcome to my channel my name is Alex Becker I have generated hundreds of millions of dollars worth of revenue from ads online and I have one of the largest ad tracking softwares on the entire planet so I can literally tell you what is working across every industry across billions of dollars of AD spend I know it all I'm a genius generational talent I know thank you but on a real note jok's side I sort of have the credentials to tell you exactly what you should be doing right now with ads and as a benefit on this channel I'm an absolute idiot I can't work with processes that are not written in purple crayon so I'm able to break things down for you in a way that's super simple to apply and we'll get results with almost no effort and that's exactly what we're going to do in this video let's hop into this ad script so to kick things off I like to keep these videos super short so after this video there is links in the description and will be popping up in the links after the video that links to videos of these actual ads I mean breaking down these ads so after I teach you how to use the script write you can see it being used in action me breaking it down step by step on top of that a specific ad writing format like word for word is also linked to in this channel as well all completely for free because I'm already rich I don't need to sell you courses or education I simply want you to make more money with your ads and when you do and eventually decide you want to track ads and make much more money from them cuz people that track their ads and see their accurate stats do better that tends to happen you'll eventually come and use hyos my ad tracking software because I've helped you so much with these videos so again take what I'm going to show you in this video then go get the actual step-by-step word for word ad script at the end of it and then watch it applied in action you'll be a ninja within two days in the 2025 by the way happy New Year all right so let's talk about what are we doing here so again the word for word script is linked in the description we'll be at the end of this video I want to give you the theory behind this there are six steps convincing anybody to do whatever you want in a short period of time and what you'll actually find is that convincing someone to do something in a long period of time via a webinar or sales call actually follows this exact format as well but we have to condense this down and AD so let's think about this in a 60-second application which is what we're usually going to be doing with our Facebook Google and Tik Tok ads and by the way I apply the same thing mindset of this to image ads as well it's all the same pattern of persuasion so first things first let's say we're selling anything okay so let's let's narrow it down and get specific let's say we're selling literally anything so the first thing we want to do is attention now this seems stupid and everything I'm going to say is going to sound stupid because it's like kindergarten level simple people don't get it because common sense is missing an advertising it's all over complicated who but everyone gets the basics wrong and it's confused why they suck at this it's like a person who plays basketball but can't make a layup but can shoot three pointers from across the court that's great pal but let's let's just do a little you know second grade layup so attention what is this mean before you even start laying your message on something you have to get someone to stop scrolling on these platforms you have to get them to watch your YouTube ad or at least pay attention to it the first 5 Seconds people see that their eyes glaze over instantly so how do you do this there's a million different ways and you're going to have to experiment with this the first thing you just need to think on is like what will grab their attention you can literally make this the first one second of any AD and then split test it across all your ads you just interject this at the start of the video so what's going to grab a person's attention I'm going to give you a a funny little just quick example of this at hyos 90% of our customers are dudes they're all dudes running businesses regardless if they're doing e-commerce businesses SAS businesses info businesses doesn't matter you know what dudes like pretty girls so what we did is in our ugc videos where we had people giving testimonials our ads where we had people talking about the videos we just interjected any testimonials or speaker SL Avatar that was an attractive woman in the first 5 Seconds video that's just what we started off with so the ad starts with testimonials and the testimonials are introduced by a pretty woman just literally someone saying you got to see these testimonials at hyrus or something like that pay a person on five or five bucks to do it they'll do it boom the ad gets attention now there's all sorts of ways I've seen this Ed so for example I saw like a protein powder and the way they were squeezing out the protein powder had it in a way to it look like poop and it was like in a bathroom so people were like what what the heck am I watching and then they zoom out and it's protein powder and it's not a bathroom at all so they're like oh I I shouldn't be having those dirty thoughts or I've seen ones where they have like a food item or something and it's shaped in like a slightly phallic way or inappropriate way I'm using extreme examples here yes I am suggesting make your your product look like a penis in your ads to catch people's attention I'm not suggesting you do that but I'm using extreme examples here so you understand what your first thought should be it shouldn't be pitching your product or even hooking them with the exal missions it needs to be to get them to stop scrolling uh I've seen various ones where people are selling products about losing weight and they make uh they took a bunch of eggs like rotten eggs that look like fat cells and they have this at the first 5 Seconds of their video or they have something weird or gross playing at the beginning of the video think about that at the start of your videos I'm not saying put something gross or doesn't align with your brand in the first five seconds of your video I'm saying get something that's going to get someone to stop scrolling it can be as simple as a pretty face it can be as simple as something that's kind of gross or it can be something that makes people go hm what like for example I saw one ad where they had like five tall guys line up to like five really short guys and it said like the secrets in their spine and that makes no sense like you're like but you're thinking what's going off these tall guys versus these short guys it makes you stop scrolling and then what we can do is we have to figure out what is important to the user in the ad because this is where we're going to hook them okay so again you got to follow this process when making the ad and again the process the step byep is in the other video after this we want to think about these questions so we can then apply it to the next video script that you're going to get here so what's important to the person that's going to get them to actually take action so it depends on how you're communicating with the customer and what's going to trigger them it can sometimes be pain it can sometimes be gain let me give you two examples of this so if you're like in a Big Industry where it's really generic and you're selling Apples to Apples you have to find something to differentiate your product across other products so for example um what I've seen in the gym clothing space right now is obviously stuff that has polyester in it is bad for your balls or something it gives you Plastics so I've seen Brands using the pain of like hey your shorts are poisoning you and giving you cancer or something like that that's a pain that's going to trigger someone to click if that's important to them targeting these specific people comes down to audience targeting which is also talked about in this channel but you think about that like what's the big one single pain we don't want to list 10 different things we just want to know one big thing or for example in the make money online space when I used to sell courses there the game was always blatantly like make money and we have to tie it in with step three so sometimes it can be just a very simp simple gain from it or a simple offer of gain I really like pain-based ones so for example what works really well at hyos that's going to be most important to the customer is either making more from their ad revenue or not losing tons of money but depends on the C we're marketing to so for example for marketing to a business owner that is not really involved with their ads talking about gain like hey this will instantly make 15% more revenue from your ads which again we're not just pulling that out of our butt if you look at hyos that's why Tony Robbins Alex pudgy Penguins Playboy and 4,000 plus other businesses users we literally guarantee when you plug in h you make 10 15 20% more on the low end from your ads because if you just track ads with accurate tracking you make better decisions your ads make more I'm not joking you can see all the results on the site Google hyos after this you should be using it I'm not going to push hos anymore because we want to get into content but again if you run ads without hus you factually choosing to like make less money and that's our actual pitch in a business owner will stop CU that's what's important to them but if we're talking to someone who's running ads the pain works a lot better so for example we'll talk about how they're not able to see what their ads are generating uh that there's crisscrossing between their ads they're missing sales and so I kind of run ads from both of these angles to get both of these different parties because sometimes we're managing our marketing to add managers and other times we're marketing the business owners so think about what's most important and how you can introduce it to them three this is an optional one but very important with Industries where you're coming in from gain perspectives because everybody uses the same gain if we're talking about something like make money online the reason you're going to stand out on your ad is this step right here what's the thing or bad experience they had in the past so without and or bad experience in the past so for example in the make money online Niche this is this is so important to step number two because everybody's offering a person to make money rich and fast and quickly and whatever okay and also everybody offering it everybody hates and so you have to consider that people have had bad experiences in the make money on life like hey do you want to make money for real without having to invest money up front without a bunch of complicated hoopla something that's really beginner friendly so without and you're addressing all the crap they've had to deal with in the past or for example at hyos when we offer these big gains right here we throw in without making changes to your business and you have to consider the step optional so for example if I was doing with the the clothing example I did before we're talking about polyester giving everybody plastic in their balls um you don't really need to have this without okay because we've already really triggered a lot of pain but a lot of times gain is not good enough to just trigger people alone you need to also throw in them without and so consider that when you're building your ads and scripting them now step number four is we need to be able to verify it okay so let's imagine someone comes up in the street and tells you or first off catches your attention by poking your nose okay it has to be something that grabs your attention might probably scare you on the street but let's imagine a person come up to you and pokes your nose and then what you're going to do is you're going to offer some potential gain without something that they hate or without a bad experience they've had in the past or offer an escape from a pain you usually don't have to do the without part if you're offering or the most important thing is pain and then you have to verify it so how do we verify this how do we get the person to believe us this is the most important thing like what's the most important thing that if you had would really improve their life and that they would immediately respond to if you truly had if you can create something like that then all you have to do is prove the person at works so how do you verify it well there's testimonials of course studies what I find is best is famous people suggesting your product which I talk about in another video on this channel it's the trt ads video and it's basically how I use testimonials to then get famous people to promote our proess how we got for example like Tony Robbins clickfunnels Grant Cardone all those companies and AD managers of those companies to suggest our product that's how we did it if you're curious how that happens but what you want to focus on is things like this you have to find a way to believably verify if you just tell people hey my prodct will increase your ad Revenue by 15% it's not going to work but if you show them testimonials or for example let's say we're talking about that uh e-commerce example with the gym shorts if we show studies on how polyester is increasing it and how studies with our prodct or something show a different result for example Quia one of the best selling neut Tropic products in the uh neut Tropic space or brain Improvement biohacking space they had tons of studies to back up what they were saying or in red light therapy or uh saunas they they would they show these studies and these examples of how it's actually increasing longevity and whatnot very very very super duper important and so the best things you can do is test but the best things in my opinion are testimonials from famous people backed with studies if you're in some kind of uh particularly in e-commerce Niche who do they trust and what information can you get them that is believable and not for you to verify this point right here and at this point you have the person hooked enough to get them to like take action and so step number five is there just has to be a time sensitive reason for them to click and take action now all right so for example at hyos all the time I don't like to use too much gimmicky time stuff um it's just not great for a SAS brand what I'll use sometimes in specials of course the price is increasing soon or something like that what I like to do is I just like to point out all the money that they're losing every single day uh when not using the product so for example they're spending 100,000 a month on ads they could be making an extra 10 20,000 a month if they just use hyros and it's like I don't know $300 $500 a day they're losing just by not using it in e-commerce though or especially in infom marketing where you can kind of be a little bit of a sleev bag you can come up with all sorts of stuff like time sensitive discounts fake scarcity I know you mother all you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are using fake scarcity you guys are turd we might as well just talk about what you're doing uh webinars where you act like it's time sensitive all sorts of anything just be creative you if you've been in an industry and you're running ads for any amount of time you know every type of form of scarcity there is at the end of your videos have some reason to click right now and then tell them to click you need to tell them to click multiple times when you check out the script that end the video we'll talk about that and finally you have to create the downside okay like what what's going to happen if you don't click and you don't take action out like what's the worst case scenario so for example at hyos I'll talk about how we have this crazy guarantee that they get this result so the only downside to taking action on this ad right now and trying hos would be it not working the upside is you make so much more money without making any changes in your business the downside click this video now we're offering these shorts that don't give you your your your balls cancer and during the month of January actually the next week we have a special discount to people buying their first pair of pant or something like that they come to the page there's timers whatnot and we have a crazy guarantee or every single day you're wearing normal shorts you're poisoning your body a little bit more which is the opposite of why you're going to the gym in the first place and so what we're doing there uh is we're giving them a reason to click now and I'm making their other pants that they're wearing very very uncomfortable so to recap everything we've done right here the verbatim word for word what to say is in the video after this video but what we've done is we've grabbed their attention but by not focusing on any of this message right here a lot of people start focusing on uh this this very poorly drawn uh training right here again we're going to keep the quality super low this year as always I know you guys love it let's keep the professionalism just at dirt bag levels but we don't want to focus on any of this right here below a lot of people focus exclusively on this in their ad without grabbing attention properly and so again you have to consider that if we can just double the amount of people that stop scrolling so let's imagine before had 25% of people stop scrolling we get to 50% by putting something that looks like a dick in our ads I don't know but think about it and crazy ways to catch attention and then split test it if we do that that's just going to double the volume of our ad instantly this is the most important thing right here if we want quick easy no effort results then we focus on what is most important to the person that they would pay for if we had step three if it's a gain benefit you have to remove the things that have stopped them from pursuing that gain in the past and then verify it using these three things right here scientific studies and testimonal from famous people being the most powerful or doing some separate kind of case study yourself for example if you have 5,000 customers track literally the average rate that customers uh succeed at your business for example at school one really good thing that horoi and ovens did with their ad is they pointed out that like on average a user makes $1,200 when they open their school so like that was like across every single thousands of people that use it that's the average that's pretty impressive you want to use undeniable numbers like that studies Etc so then you want to give them a reason to click now and a downside if they don't click whether it's increasing the amount of counts there in their balls or the amount of money that they're losing every single day and that there's no risk at clicking if they come and try hyros or whatever your product is or something like that having extremely powerful guarantees in your business last little tip is one of the greatest ad you can never do and and for your business and your product should work 100% of the time or people shouldn't pay for it so you might as well just have a crazy guarantee in the first place you're not going to grow business by keeping the money of angry people it'll work for like a year and then the angry people build up into a horde of people with pitchforks and then come tear down your business and tell everyone you suck and then it's over at that point so having crazy guarantees is a really good way to get people to click ads and buy and do everything else you want because again there's no risk to them and the reason why people don't buy things is there's risk so this is what I've used this is the format and questions I go through whenever I write an ad in fact whenever I communicate with people at this point in any form of sales process or day-to-day life or even videos this is the process I've Ed you might notice I start my videos with craziness a lot of times if you ever watch my crypto Channel or this channel why do I do that attention what's the second thing I do what's important to you why are you here your ads making more money and how frustrated you are with losing money on your ads and the fact you want to grow your ads without effort and then what I do next I verify I verify and then instead of getting you to click an ad here I just give you the damn content because that's what you're here for what I want you to do is consume the content but I literally use this exact sales process to the start of this video to get you to my goal which my goal was for you to consume the content and enjoy the content in this channel more because once you do that I can slowly brainwash you into properly tracking your ads and not losing tons of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money needlessly from your ads eventually you'll come around if I lather you up sudge you up with enough quality content Jokes Aside though this is the process you use watch the videos right after this video the exact word for word script and then the examples of ads of me doing this step by step like we we'll watch a video over the shoulder of me going through that video ad that's made Millions tens of millions of dollars we'll do that as well and it'll be linked to you right after this subscribe to this channel I'm going to be posting videos about once a week going into 2025 and like always I have a wonderfully awkward exit outro for you

================================================================================
TITLE: I Sold 132 Million With This 3 Step Sales Script (evil)
VIDEO ID: u-KFs-T4aWI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-KFs-T4aWI
================================================================================

so what I'm going to give you in this video is a call script I've used to sell over $100 million worth of software yes this has generated over $100 million in total sales and it's Point Blank shoot point simple you've probably seen all sorts of other call scripts on the internet and all sorts of other scripts out there use Advanced sales mythology and also of complex processes and take a closer who has a year of experience to do this with what I'm going to show you right here is so incredibly simple that if you understand the framework of this you really don't need a script at all in a call you can just go through this framework and inevitably the person ends up concluding that they need to pay you money this is extremely simple for new closers experienced closers to close with and when I started using this at my software companies which all combined do about over $30 million per year it was shockingly easy to get closes and in fact I could keep ramping up the price ramping up the price ramping up the price because what this does is it Taps into what I like to call an impossible to say no to situation it's like walking up to someone and slapping $100 on a table and saying if you give me $20 I'll give you this $100 they're just going to do it so let me walk you through this framework of what we do now if you're using this to sell you're probably primarily doing this in B2B so this is going to work exceptionally well if you're in B2B but more so I want you to understand the the persuasion process that we're using here so I'm going to walk you through the sales call that we use at hyos now I would run this thing all the time and I didn't even have a script I would just follow this process right here and then it would just simply work so what you need to figure figure out when you're talking to a business is what they believe that they're losing or not gaining by not doing certain things you you want to figure out their beliefs and then use their beliefs I don't want to use the word against them because when you're on a sales call with somebody if you have a good product what you're doing is helping them like the person's going to join your product and they're going to make more money when a person joins hyos and listens to things we say on that sales call they're making 15 to 20% more from their ads cuz it's just simply inevitable if you're using correct data and then feeding it back to AI it just that's how it works it's like the between driving a car blindfolded and drunk and just taking the blindfold off and not doing heroin before you go on your nightly drive it's it's a much better experience so I'm going to use kind of a me versus them kind of analogy when we go through this but I never want you to think as a person on the call you're trying to persuade or trick or get into like some funnel like if the person doesn't get results with your product and you hype anything up past the point of what your product can do they're just going to refund they're going to charge back and your business ultimately won't scale so the first thing you should really do before you can apply these sales processes is get to the point where you can actually get results for businesses on command that's the most important thing first if you can do that everything else will fall into place you could just literally hop in a sales call and put up testimonials and you do pretty well but let's talk about everything we're doing at hrus and then what I want you to do is I want you to look at the process that we're using to convince the person so what we do when the person comes on is we listen to their complaints about their tracking and their setup and their systems with ads okay and and so what we're going to do first and foremost on is we're going to talk about you know do you see where all your sales are coming from on Facebook and Google ads okay so do you see where all your sales are coming from ultimately we know the answer to this is no okay so uh we're going to say all right out of 10 sales that come in how many of them are actually tracked by your Facebook and Google ads they're going to say five six seven something like that okay so we're just going to lay it out right there how much do you think that is stopping you from actually seeing uh gains in your business how how much do you think that's preventing you from running profitable ads and I'll say well you know I I don't really know you know I have these these ads running right here I don't see where all my sales are coming from but I see where a good amount of them are I say well do you think that makes your decision sloppier do you think that makes your your ads run worse and they say yeah yeah I say all right cool so would it be like improper of me to say 15% of your ads you could go 15% further if you saw the rest of these sales coming in and you were able to actually make correct decisions they say yeah yeah that makes that a lot of sense and I say okay how much is your business making they say okay it's making 100,000 a month so we're saying right off the bat right here you're losing about 15,000 a month in scale just because you can't see where the numbers are coming in is this correct is this correct yes okay so then what we do is we repeat the process again with ad waste okay so again you don't see what ads are actually making you money how much do you think this leads to actually guessing wh which ads how many times have you turned on ads or kept your ads running without actually knowing the Real Results they're going to say all the time something like that and say okay all right let's imagine again we fix that problem and you start turning off your losers as well or you start optimizing your ads to the pinpoint would you say that would increase your ad revenue or or cut 10% of waste in the account again yes all right how much is your business spending on ads per month I 50,000 a month okay so can we agree that would be like $5,000 saved yes so what's the total of this amount right here $20,000 so what have I done so far on this business sales call I've gotten the person in their own words to tell me they are losing $20,000 a month in gains and waste by not tracking their ads correctly we haven't even talked about the product we just talk about their pain point and the pains they're experiencing they're losing 20,000 a month okay and they believe it's due to not being able to see this number right here so the first thing we do is we identify the problem that they're having and then we put a number to the problem can you always do this with like self-help or like coaching or goober stuff no that's why that is so hard to sell that's why when I when I build businesses now I make sure I can do this damn thing right here because it leads to the best sales pitch of all time so person comes in right here we just identified that due to not being able to see their numbers just going to draw a thousand arrows in this video by the way they're wasting in this example right here 20% of Revenue you know 15,000 in Lost scale 5,000 in wasted ads so then what I'm going to do is I'm just going to show us fixing this problem right here what we do is we go and this is where it gets imported in B2B we find a business inside of hyros of course with their approval that is in the same Niche and has the same exact problem so if it's an e-commerce store we find an e-commerce store and then we show them how e-commerce stores are losing tons and tons of money now I want to stress one thing right here if if you've ever looked at hris you looked at your own product there's probably a thousand other different things that you do that doesn't matter there has to be one core thing that they're going to get because people are too ADHD this isn't the point where we walk them through every single feature and everything we do we simply want to focus on one thing this number right here which they believe in okay so I'm going to show them a similar business getting the results that they want cutting the waste and I'm going to show them their profit going up them being able to see and identify where all their sales are coming from and then being able to eliminate waste and so then we can actually show them the scale we say all right here's an e-commerce business look at all the sales are tracking look at how their revenue's gone up the last few months here's another e-commerce business here's another e-commerce business do you see this do you see it routinely fixing the problem that you have they say yes they say yes and so what we're then going to say is all right if if you were able to fix this in the same exact way that these business were do you think you'd make that additional 20K per month I mean that's your words you said if we fixed this problem right here and we were able to go and eliminate these two things you'd be making extra $20,000 per month they say yeah I mean good I'm like all right all right let's actually take it down and not let's cut it in half let's just say $10,000 per month all right let's not even be hyperbole right here let's say you get terrible results do you think you could still go and save or gain $10,000 a month more yeah I mean that makes sense we agreed on 20K per month but now let's just cut it in half and let's say you get poo poo results so then at this point in time you can see the exact game we've played here the the value of what I'm offering them is 10K a month $100,000 per year for them that's the number that they've put on this is the number they gave us you can't go and tell them how much something is worth but you can have them tell you how much it's worth to them all day long if the person's saying Z like if if they get on a call and they come in and say oh I'm not tracking any of my sales but I don't think it's losing me any money and I don't think uh I don't think I'm wasting any money by running my ads like a drunk lunatic we have to go back to the start and identify like all right how do you why do you believe that because obviously you're not seeing you're guessing and whatnot and we have to come back and reconfirm this thing but 90% of people that come in are going to already know they're losing and wasting money so at that point in time what do I have to do to get this person to buy what do I have to do to get them in is I have to prove without a shadow of a doubt that what I just said here this 10K the 20K and result they're going to get is true so what I then do is we show them a long page and you're you're going to notice in every sales tactic like for example last few videos ago I showed you the most impactful funnel that you can use for ads ever is a testimonial funnel I'll link to that below this video in the description and at the end of this video you've also seen when I run ads and I use the script Center I use a lot of testimonials and I use the same process just in a shorter framework you can see the exact scripts and in fact the most high converting ad I've ever ran also linked below this video in the description and at the end this video just tell you how it all works but you're again going to see me come back to the same exact tactic we go and take them to a page based on their business model that shows them an unlimited amount of results this obnoxious amount of results of people in their Niche their industry getting results with hyros and getting this money saved in what they're doing then at that point in time we also show them famous people now you're not going to always have testimonies from famous people when you start your business you're not always going to have hundreds of results that's why the first thing you want to do when you start your business is get those testimonials get them from lower level people lower level businesses that you do the work for free for now I talk about how to do this in that other testimony video I'm not going to get into it but there's a complete strewn together way to get testimonies for your business and do this exact same tactic it's not reserved to our business and I was able when I used hyros to go and lure in big famous Brands and large Brands by using the process is again linked below this video and going to be shown at the end of this video so just watch it so I show them endless testimon and I show them famous people testimon that are using hros then what we do is we go through the pitch we break down all right you're going to use hyos um you're going to join you're going to get wonder One assistant we kind of break down what the product does okay and then what we do is we price it at a comical amount lower than what it makes them so for example if the person's doing 100K a month they're probably going to make an extra 15K a month just using hyros okay so we can easily build them $700 a month for that so we say all right cool you want to make that 15K extra a month yeah cool all right how much is that worth to you they say well you know at least like $2,000 $3,000 they're expecting some some huge crazy number we come in right then and say okay it's just 700 bucks a month is that is that worth it to you yes all right well you want to do it for a year and you want to save 30% right so just $5,000 up front now gets you the entire year pow and this point right here I we pointing out to them hey you're trading $55,000 for an extra $100,000 plus dollars a year at this point the person's all in now how do we get the person over the fence if they're thinking all right I don't know if I want to buy right now why not there's all sorts of way ways you can close um and for example there's tons of good closing techniques on like Alex Hero's channels well I'm not saying don't use those what I'm saying is you want to be in this insanely powerful position right here before you even start closing right now we have them in their own words saying this product would make me money if it works we then show them hundreds of times that it works we show them people they respect that it was working for we show them our near-perfect trust pilot reviews so again there's no doubt that this works then the final thing we're going to do right here is we're going on offer them a guarantee that if they don't get these results they don't pay for it you should be able to do this with your prodct if you can do this you're going to get so many people in the door we make this 90-day guarantee at hyos on any payment that if they come in they don't see these results we'll just refund them and this gets everybody across the fence because again it's like what do you think is going to go wrong here you just told me how much money this is going to make you we just proved that this is going to make you that money and then we're taking away every single risk why won't you join now this is where more traditional Clos in processes are going to come from you want to figure out what the person uh why they might not want to join and then counter those objections or find ways to push them off so for example a person might think well I don't know if I'm going be able to set this up or if it's going to apply for my business oh that's a really good question here's 10 other businesses just like yours that set this up and by the way we'll just have someone do it for you one final tip I'll give you when you're closing on these things is design your product around the close if you know people are going to have resistance when they're saying oh you know I I I don't know if I'll be able to set this up or get it applied or I'm going to be able to read the data already have that worked into your product for when they say that and so when you do these calls you're always always always going to see specific things pop up design your offer around that as you evolve your product and your company so this right here isn't so much like a fivepoint step by step exactly what to say pitch it what it is is a framework of how to convince people to do literally anything when it comes to B2B or service-based business calls which is what you're primarily going to be selling I don't think you're going to be selling protein powder over the phone okay I think you could probably use this logical process to consumer marketing but I've never done that before and so the point I want to get to you in this video is you don't want to use you can use scripts and exact things to say but it's way better to have a framework of where you're trying to get the customer to and just in a chill relaxed way going through that framework what's the first thing I got to do at hus we have to identify that they have a problem okay then we have to quantify the problem they have to quantify the problem for themselves I can't say oh this is losing you $110,000 per month I have to say how much is this losing you per month you're you're doing 100,000 a month um you're spending 50,000 a month in your ads you know how much is this causing you to lose well I don't know I'm like all right well let's just like think about it let's like break it down we're just going to sit there and we're going to do that until they come up with a number on their own if the person thinks they're losing Z and they have no use for this they wouldn't be on the call okay and they're definitely not going to close if they think they don't have a problem whatsoever so you got to dig that up first quantify it sell them it for less than they think they've Quantified or if they think they're losing 10,000 a month sell it to them for 1,000 bucks a month then prove it undeniably then remove all risk then deal with basic objections and whatnot this is a very simple pattern you can follow that anyone can follow and you can do it in a very chill Way new reps can do it old reps can do it and if you have really Elite sales skills it's just going to complement this pattern that we just went through but you're not going to get anything done with some Elite sales script until you've done all those steps that I just did if a person doesn't believe they have a problem and more specifically they haven't Quantified that problem they're not going to want to pay you for a solution if you make that solution less than the Quantified number that theyve described they're going to see it as a Roi if you prove it then works with tons and tons of testimonials they have no doubts and if you remove all risk they have no reason not to try this is the perfect this is the perfect situation to get someone to give you money and this is the perfect situation to apply any other sales skills you have so that being said if you want to see how I get tons of testimonials and results for people in our businesses there's a link right here on the video right now also in the description you want to see the exact ad script I use to get people to these funnels right here you want to see the funnels themselves and what I sell also right here it's all laid right here no pitches nothing being sold to you on this channel enjoy that's all there is to it I don't have anything else to tell you so uh I'll see you next video

================================================================================
TITLE: This Creepy Video Ad Made Me $16,224,000. Copy It.
VIDEO ID: -1aMZQEiKk4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1aMZQEiKk4
================================================================================

no you skeptical silly sausage the title of this video is not clickbait the ad I'm about to show you has printed for me tens of millions of dollars and even better what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to explain to you how it works we're going to watch it together I'm going to break down step by step everything I'm doing in this ad and plus as a bonus are you a lazy piece of of course you are you run online advertising and do internet marketing you absolute degenerate but this is for you because I put this ad up in 2019 it is 2024 if you did not know this thing has been printing money for 5 years and look it's not like I want to keep this ad up I made tons of other ads this thing keeps winning every single time I put up other ads this ad just keeps beating everything else so what you were seeing is the prime Peak Alpha mail on roids Chad of ads this is the best thing I've ever written I don't understand why it is badly filmed it is poorly edited but this thing keeps crushing it and I truly believe if you apply what I show you in this video your ads will crush it too because I cannot make an ad that defeats this thing and I'm pretty damn good at making ads so we're going to sit down we're going to go through it and if you want to get the actual script for this ad step by step it's right below at the bottom of this video in the description I also link to the exact funnel I'm running this through that shows how it's printing money and the things we're selling so let's get started all right so we're looking at good old Alex Becker back in 2019 also just look at the jawline look how much better the jawline is now look at that that aging backwards in Reverse tell your friends but look at this video right here it is absolute junk and the sound and everything on it is terrible but this thing converts like crazy so let's break down everything let's just start from the very beginning all using it you want customers from ads much cheaper in the scale much further our software hyos will do that for you or you don't pay for it okay so let's let's look at this most important part of this video right here this is obviously going to be put on Facebook Instagram or YouTube We're watching in YouTube format right here but if I'm doing this on Facebook this exact same play Works theact same way now if you look at the first 5 Seconds of this video what do I make I make an impossible bold claim that your ads will scale or you don't pay for it this this pequs every single person's interest and if you can say this about your product this is what you should just do because it's like if you walk up to a basketball game or you walk up to a poker table and say I can beat everybody here and everybody goes no you can't and you say okay I'll prove it and you put a million dollars down say I'll back it up with a million bucks everyone's going to be like okay maybe this guy has some game going on here a lot of ads start off with some big promise some big hypey thing no one ever believes it because you're not putting anything behind it so starting it off like this with this bid headline right here this has just worked very well so focus on that that's the first 5 Seconds of the ad that's by far the most important part of the ad now let's Gove on to the next steps no seriously if you put hrus on your website it takes two seconds and you don't start getting customers much cheaper from your ads and you aren't able to scale at least 20% further from using our print track and combining with AI optimization I'll explain what that is here in a second you don't pay for it so let's look at everything just happened in that last 15 seconds of the ad so what I just did there is kind of all the things you want without the things you hate and again backed by big bold claim guarantee so for example right here whenever people think about tracking or anything it it just boggles their mind and think it's going to be really hard and complicated so I say in 5 Seconds of work you just paste on your paste this on your site you're going to make 20% more from your ads I guarantee it by the way highers actually does all these things if you join highis Supply to your ads you make 15 to 20% more because you're using correct tracking and data I know it's shocking that if you actually use correct numbers to attribute where your sales come from you can make more money but it's 100% factual and that's why we can make this guarantee that being said right there again I say you're going to get all the things you want repeat the benefit you're going to grow your ads you're going to make more money without the things you hate complicated work you just smash your button again I guarantee it or I will punch myself in the face the thing is when people put this on their site and use this with their ads they do get those results that's why big Brands like clickfunnels.com so what am I doing right here let's start from the very beginning big bold promise backed by a guarantee repeat the big bold promise going into a little bit more detail and explain how they get this without the things they hate back it up with the guarantee now what I am doing here is defeating the final level of skepticism which is here is all these people that you know doing this what you can do here is like I talked about in I believe two videos ago I'll link to this at the end of this video I talk about how to get testimonials from Brands and Ed at the scale of to bigger and bigger Brands this this is where you're going to be throwing this into and so what I did those first two steps now I'm going to back it up with testimonials from people that they know or at least good testimonials that cannot be disproven or don't look like junk Tomos impact theory.com graos Anon Robins mastermind.com 6 S 8 and nine figure e-commerce Brands like ladyboss.com massive influencers with millions of follow now let's talk about what I'm doing here with these testimonials what I'm trying to do with hyos in this ad right here is I want to apply to all sorts of different markets so I don't want to just show people saying hey this works I want to show people in specific business models that I know are likely to use hyrus so for example I show an e-commerce Market or e-commerce store that's doing very well with us I show Tony Robbins and Dean graziosi infom marketing I show YouTubers that are crushing it with us and so what I want to do is I want to reach out to all the people that I've hooked right here because they have tons of different business models so what you want to do right here if you're doing this in your own ads is you want to think about who's going to be buying your product and what type of different demographics are is it let's say we have a weight loss prod is it people that want to just get that last 2 lbs off or is it people that want to lose 30 50 lbs is it people that don't want to be hungry you can use different types of angles to catch these people in here because the overall arching thing is you will lose weight I guarantee it or I'll give you $1,000 and I'll do it without you having to eat any foods you don't want to eat without you ever being hungry and I can back this up because here's this person here's this person here's this person in different case studies scenarios they got the result you're looking for for and what you want the viewer to do is pick out where they fall into those case studies and you can see this has been accomplished in 38 seconds okay it's again we really want your ad to be wrapped up in about 45 seconds you can see this ad right here goes for 2 minutes but in reality everything else in this ad right here the person's going to click or on in the first 45 seconds okay so I'm not going to dive too much into the rest of this ad right here we're going to we're going to go through it but I I just want you to really focus on these first 45 seconds right here and also if you're on Tik Tok Facebook Instagram reals you're really only dealing with about a minute of time right here so you got to get everything really get your entire pitch in that first 45 seconds you can see I've done that here with the big bul claim backing it up explaining how it works and repeating the big bul claim and then backing it up with testimonials I've gotten that all accomplished here now all I have to do is just tell the person come check it out followers sales and ads leaders like Dan Henry and even one of the highest revenue clickfunnels funnels of all time Alim gy.com they're all using it and that's why I can make a crazy guarant like that because this is real this is working right now and hundreds of businesses are using it and if you're not one of the businesses using it you're disadvantage because you're paying more to get a as of today it's thousands and thousands of businesses but who's keeping count customer than they are you don't got to be at a disadvantage click this ad I'll explain exactly how hos works okay so what did I do there again testimonal testimon testimonials why can I do this this is the thing I wrap it up about we tie everything together at the end of the video big bold claim backed with the benefits without the things you hate here's a ton of testimonials and the reason why we can make this big bull claim and all these testimonal is because this simply works there is absolutely no risk here there's no disadvantage to you using hus because if you click this ad and you join hus there's absolutely no way you pay money no way you walk away without getting results and that right there is how you want to design your products in the first place if you can't make pitches like that it becomes harder and harder to sell your product because the customer has to frontload you with so much trust you want to Stack the deck in the person's favor so that it becomes Unthinkable for them not to join and once you do that you apply this same message throughout your entire funnel which is again why you should watch other videos on this channel you can see I repeat this same message over and over again all the way to the sales call and Pitch the only difference is on the sales call and Pitch we we really apply uh this to the specific person's business we dive into their business we look at their numbers and we we literally pinp pick where they're going to see the gains from for hrus and then we offer them hrus at a much cheaper price than what they're going to generate or gain from it and again if they don't see those results they don't pay for it and that's again how you want to build your business but this ad script right here this first minute script is responsible for everything now if we keep going through help you set as much don't pay for it that being said triple his ad spend for the rest the ad video is I just go andly more testimonials okay now if you go I'm going to give you a little bonus and again that's why you want to watch the videos at the end of this video because it's going to break down the landing page and the tactic and everything that I use right here as well but when I send people this page there was just endless endless testimonials endless testimonials and so that's why this ad works so well we have the big bold promise without all the things they hate backed up by the guarantee we have testimonials from people they know then we have a call to action lying out how there's absolutely no risk in basically reciting everything we've talked about so far there is absolutely no way this is false or anything I'm telling you right here is not true because everyone you know is using it thousands of people are using it and we back it up with this guarantee and again I believe in a lot of my ads I point out how long hrus has been around so if if for some reason we couldn't back up everything I'm saying in this video we wouldn't be able to have that guarantee so I use all these things to make it just impossible for the person to say all right I'm running ads why on Earth would I not least try this I would make so much more money for my business and then once I've wiped out everything with those col actions I just show more and more results and so this works really really well on YouTube because if the person's still sitting around after the ad you're really not going to be able to say too much to them that's going to get them or or add to the video that's going to really affect the ad because in the first minute you're going to have people click away or watch the ad and click you're not going to have people watching five minutes of ads if the person does stick around all I do is I just hit them over the head over and over and over again with testimonials just testimonal testimonials testimon testimonials then when the person lands on the landing page testimonials testimonials Tes testimonials results results results book a call book a call book a call that funnel works for everything and if you're using this in for example e-commerce have a crazy refund guarantee on your product and again show tons of results and testimonals if you have an agency if you have some service where you're doing something for someone and it delivers result guarantee the result just do it if your if your product can't guarantee a result you shouldn't be selling it because you're just going to have trouble uh on the back end later on you'll get the initial sales and then people will be refunding and your business will never be able to scale so you might as well make it be a business where you can guarantee results or at least strive for that because you're going to get so many more people across the Finish Line if you're like hey what's the risk here what what are you afraid it's going to happen I was watching an Alex MOSI video other day because you can get so many more people to do everything you want if you can just keep saying what's the risk here look at all these people that have gotten this result there's zero risk to you if you come in here and try to get this result as well we guarantee it you're going to get so many people across the Finish Line doing that so this is the script and this is the ad that I been using for a generation since 2019 you can see it's badly shot the audio is not great it's just me at my computer laying out the core be bones of what I just talked about anybody could replicate this ad right here and now this is an ad for a business that does you know near $30 million per year if you're looking for a business that makes seven figures per year like just yank this do the exact same thing it's good enough if you want to get a e-commerce business a service business a Consulting business to a million two million a year this is it right here because this is what people want this is what people want to buy you don't need to persuade them when you say here's the clear benefit let me remove all the risk and then also here's a ton of people that you know are very much like you getting the same exact result that you're looking for just that's the persuasion 101 you don't even need to write sales copy CU that's what a person wants so that being said that's the video for today if you have questions post them Below in the comments I'll respond in the first 24 hours of this video on top of that if you want to see the funnel that I'm running it's going to be somewhere around here if you want to see the actual sales Pages the landing pages and the strategy I used for the testimonials which is by far the highest converting funnels you'll ever make it is here as well if you want to see the exact script for this ad broken down in more and more detail it's also going to be linked somewhere right here these will also all be in the description as well subscribe because my content it's it's fire it's juicy it's moist it's I don't have any more gross words to describe my content I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: The #1 Lesson That'll Make You God Tier Rich
VIDEO ID: 86jundvBdRo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86jundvBdRo
================================================================================

so look this little strategy I'm going to give you is not just going to make your business convert turbo highly with ads it's going to make your business grow stupidly fast even if you don't run ads and if you do run ads to it it will be like pouring gasoline on Kryptonite and if you don't know the element of kryptonite it explodes when you pour gasoline on it I it's commonly unknown fact scoot over there he he he let me know that one he's a big cryptonite expert but seriously this is the crack cocaine of business this is the biggest secret ever it doesn't even have to so much do with ads which I try to stick to on this channel cuz I'm putting you on an ads retargeting list but now that I've trapped you on there I'll tell you the secret anyways so look there's a lot of businesses out there that you can build but most of them suck and are hard to build if you look at most software companies if you look at most e-commerce companies if you look at most infom marketing companies you're having to pull teeth and nails to get someone to buy and while you can build a brand and while you can build a big business around stuff like that I don't like that because those pitches are hard and I want a product that has simply one pitch if I'm going to build any type of business these days it's only going to have one pitch and that's I'm selling you a $100 bill for $20 now let's back up what does that mean I'm sure a lot of people think oh I already do that with my course business or with my Consulting business or my service business or I sell the result with my e-commerce business no no no no no no we want push button slap no effort statistically proven you press this button you make more money results now what does that mean so a lot of people watching this video think I'm going to say like you should make an info product course where you teach people how to make money and it's guaranteed no what I look for and the businesses that I build is in every single business model there is out there there is breakage so for example in the advertising space if you look at hyos and advertising it's one of my software companies and any software company I build it plays off the same exact angle it's how I make so much damn money and why I don't need to sell you courses on this channel because I sneakily running a way more efficient funnel than selling courses but let's let's back up in it if you look at the advertising industry and you look at people running Facebook ads or Google ads any ads tracking isn't very good because you have to put tracking like alien xenomorph on every single part of the business and so Facebook Google everything doesn't plug in as it should and it never will and because of this people Miss 20 25% of where all their sales come from so this results in bad data being fitted the AIS results in bad results when they come to buying ads it lowers their ad efficiency just immensely so hyros fixes that so if you take a business that's making $200,000 a month and they plug hosin it instantly makes them 10% more so they're making $10 $20,000 more per month at this point in time I can easily charge that business $1,000 $2,000 per month no problem easy why because they're already making $220,000 per month and then they don't leave because if they leave then they stop making $20,000 a month and so what happens in this situation I have the easiest sale in history I get if I get that person on a phone call and say hey so here's your ads okay are you using tracking no okay so what's going on with your ads is how much are you making per month 240,000 200,000 okay you could be making $220,000 if you just cut this waste here in your ad account and you actually tracked your sales also here in your ad account do you see this right here there's a little bit more to that but literally I'm saying hey do you want to make an extra 10 $20,000 per month that's what every pitch needs to be but not just saying that it has to be push button as as well so what does that mean with hyros you install a tracking script you do what the customer support says you have this tracking you start making more money now this isn't a pitch for hos I want you to lay out and think about how we can make this in other products in every single industry in the entire world construction shoe making ammunition every business of the world there is some breakage point in the business I've never seen a business where there isn't some inefficiency in the logistics or some part of where the customer starts and where the customer ends up which is fulfillment of the product there's always something broken in there whether it's the customer support whether it's how they're shipping things whether it's how they store their data whether it's where they're getting their data from there's always something that is inefficient in that business and at this point in time all you need to do when you're looking around for a business to start is you find what is broken in businesses if you're poor and don't have money to invest you fix that that's your service you get you get a team of people you put them together and you fix that breakage you don't want to go and sell what everybody else is selling like an agency like oh I'll just run people's ads no everybody's selling that find weird ass businesses like the lighting industry like doctors I can't tell you how many people have made weird little businesses that fix breakage in doctor's offices that made millions and millions of dollars chiropractors look at Alex rosi's gym launch for example no one thought about fixing breakage in gyms he did he made fck tons of money but that was a service later on he actually went and made a software for the gyms as well that plugged into their customer support and everything guess what he made tons more money fixing breakage and so the reason why this converts so well from ads is is it's so damn easy to do a few things one it is so easy to get people coming through cuz you are promised them guaranteed money for doing nothing and you can actually back it up and do it the hardest thing that most course businesses have and they're put into this unfair situation because the promise lad in course industry has been escalated to the point of insanity if if you're not promising a person making will make a million dollars in their first year with your course you you're you're behind all the competition and the size of the promises you're promising it's really it's really bad race to the bottom over there same thing with agencies and stuff like that it's just too competitive but if you can find the right Niche you can actually promise and back it up people will get on the phone with you all day and all you have to do is prove that it works through testimonials and just pointing it out and then guaranteeing it so for example at hros when we back up and prove everything in their account we say also you have like a billion day refund guarantee like we'll just give you your money back if you don't make 15% more hyos has been around for half a decade now obviously the guarantee has worked it gets everybody across the Finish Line you can't offer that type of guarantee in any other type of business and then finally it makes it incredibly easy to get testimonials because then you can reach out the big people small people any people and say hey will you put this in your business and let it make you more money for free it will fix this thing in your business it's a gap you know it's a problem you know your accounting system's will you put in your business for free and if it works will you just give me a testimonial they say yes you do that 15 times you have 15 testimonials you get people on a phone call you show them the 15 testimonials you get them on the guarant and voila easiest ads to run ever hey do you want to make more money guaranteed click here get on phone call sell it to them this is why any business I build at the moment it has to fit that criteria even new products I launch at hyos right now or other my other software companies if we're talking to devs and we're talking about features the criteria is does a customer push a button and make more money doing nothing or very little and do it become such an asset to their business they can't quit if it doesn't fall in that situation don't build it if it does build it right away and again if you're if you're I don't want to say poor I use bombastic language on this channel if you don't have the funds to start a software company you make a service that fixes breakage very specific breakage in companies not what everybody else is doing find very specific problems and very specific business models and fix that then you can specifically speak to those business models and lower them in and then actually deliver and have them happy and paying you for years it's a secret to everything just do this you don't even need anything else on this channel there's no other business courses you need this is all you need to do the second I stopped trying to fight tooth and nail and sell services and software everybody else is doing and just focused on focus on specific Industries and their breakage and doing this it's never been hard at all to make tons of money so you should do it too so if you want to see the actual ads that I run to bring businesses in they're over here somewhere somewhere on this page video if you want to see the funnel I run it's around here somewhere as well and if you want to see how I gather up all those testimonials and get people promoting my procs for me like I talked about in this video this on the video as well and if you want to see scoot he's over there that's it goodbye

================================================================================
TITLE: Brutally Simple Beginner Ads That ALWAYS Make Money
VIDEO ID: eCzmB_qHBn4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCzmB_qHBn4
================================================================================

what I'm about to give you in this video is probably the most foolproof method of all time when it comes to advertising if you just apply this it's almost impossible not to make money you can be a beginner selling boogers and this will still work for you I'm in fact using this exact ad method on you right now you're literally in the funnel you're in The Matrix you're absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you giving me money is imminent just kidding but but kind of sort up and what this is is the patented trid dented bolded YouTube retargeting ret YouTube retargeting method I'm using all sorts of big business words to act like I know what I'm talking about but trust me this thing right here has absolutely for me for years and if you just apply it you can only use this advertising method I think you could build a seven figure business or add another seven figures to your business just doing this so let me explain and I'll explain it by explaining what is happening to you right now so look let's address the elephant in the room I have a pretty large software company I've made a lot of money in my day doing online marketing why on Earth am I making a video channel about business ads why on Earth would I possibly do that very simple if you notice the titles of all my videos if you notice everything I'm doing here it has the word ads in it f focuses on Facebook ads and if you notice this kind of kills the views a little bit I only get like 10 20,000 views per video trust me I could make self-help videos or videos about not drinking or no fap get hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views why the heck am I making ad videos it's very simple the people that watch these videos you you own a business you spend money on ads thus I assume you have money and the only people I want watching this channel are people that fall into that demographic so I'm very specific with my titles videos and thumbnails to always focus on ads so that people who are not interested in ads do not watch this channel why well if you've ever watched other channels usually people use this to get you on their Channel and then Hawk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at you they're going to sell you a course or something like that I'm not selling you courses why because selling courses doesn't make that much money it's a pain in the ass I like running businesses that make lots and lots of money if I wasn't so godamn talented yeah I'd be selling you a course right now but I've I work at the higher level joking but not on a real note though courses yeah you can make a lot of money doing courses I'm not pooping on you for selling courses but it's really hard to scale courses to the level of a more complex business like SAS or e-commerce it's just a little bit more tough but anyways that's my random about courses everybody thinks I hate course sellers no course sellers are awesome they make the world go around I just think as you evolve in business you should move on from course selling into higher levels of marketing for example if you go check out Alex Hero's Channel he's yeah selling little lowlevel courses but how does he really make all his money attracting businesses into the channel and in buying those businesses see how he's kind of worked his way up the totem pole there same thing I'm doing right here see on this channel everybody that comes into the channel comes into a nice little funnel and you get added to a retargeting list every time you watch one of these videos then what do I do well on this channel the first thing I do is I make sure to deliver to you red hot fire content with nothing asked in return why this gets you to watch the channel it gets you to trust me now there's a really cool thing that then happens after this if you go and apply what I'm talking to you about with ads you're going to make more money from your ads and if you want to make more money from your ads I'm going to assume that you also want to make more money than you're already making from your ads so my software company hyos if you plug it into your ads on average you're going to see about 15 to 20% more money coming from your ads just by tracking it accurately and feeding the data back to AIS so let's back up and look what's going on here I'm just going to sit here and help you blatantly to attract your attention to this channel cuz you are the Target demographic for my software company then whenever it Dawns on you that you want to make more money you will probably think of my software company and as you're watching around YouTube one of those software company ads is going to hit you either when you're searching on YouTube or on some website in the gdn network thus I'm building a absolutely perfect list of people that will buy my software and I'm doing it in a way that just purely helps you there's no point in any of that transaction where you lose even if you buy hyros it doesn't work there's like a thousand day refund guarantee on the thing so again there's no point in this situation where you lose and this is one thing I want to back up point up to you you want to create a situation where your customers never lose throughout the entire process of interacting with you what a lot of people do is they get people on the YouTube channel they help them out and then they lower them in businesses and products where the product doesn't really work and then they keep their money and don't refund them or they deliver a bad product how many influence do you see they run videos and then they deliver a bad product big tip I'll give you is once you get people actually to buy something from you don't them in the ass that that's that's the that's the Becker business tip of the day for you but all honesty that's what a lot of people do they focus so much on the sale nothing on the delivery just a beginner mistake in business so how do we back this all up to you the most effective advertising method ever is you make YouTube channels that are very specific and hopefully targeting people that have money you don't want to make these big all fitting YouTube channels so if you look at my main YouTube channel I have millions of subscribers but I talk about literally everything on there all the way from crypto to self-help to not drinking alcohol that that retarding list is nonsense there's nothing of use on there because it's a hobby Channel what we want to do is we want to make micro channels where we focus on very specific things and in my opinion you should focus on something where the demographic has lots of money that's why I like business to business you're not going to get a lot of views or at least not as many views as you would if you made some mainstream entertainment channel that doesn't matter if you have a retarding list of 30,000 people 20,000 10,000 people that like you have money and are your Target customer you can spend 20 30 bucks a day on YouTube ads just retargeting them and make tons of Mone doing that and so backing it all up here why am I doing this channel very simple it has built me a retarding list just in the past few weeks of 60,000 people who are interested in running paid ads how many people on planet Earth are watching YouTube actually run ads not that many I'd say under 100,000 I can order remarket and have a retargeting list that is better than any AdWords targeting I can ever get ever and this is why it's so damn powerful cuz not only is it the perfect demographic in list the list also knows me and so this is just something I don't think occures to many people and if you're targeting high value demographic businesses let's say we have 60,000 people on that remarketing list if I get 500 of those people on hyos that's millions and millions and millions of dollars a year added to our Revenue so think about with your business how can you make a channel that attracts people that are your Target demographic look at Alex Hero's channel for example I don't think he does these retargeting ads but he has all these business owners on there all he has to do is run a little retarding at at 10 bucks a day and he can attract multi-million dollar businesses to come to his workshops or his acquisition f Fel never even having to actually go out and run broad cold traffic this why this method absolutely rocks if you want to see the scripts I use for the ads that I run to these remarketing list it's right here if you want to see what I sell primarily a funnel that I use it's right here if you want to see my dog he's right there that's the video

================================================================================
TITLE: The #1 Reason Your Facebook Ads Fail
VIDEO ID: wimlzhQrX0o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wimlzhQrX0o
================================================================================

so before you run any ads especially if you're a beginner but this super duper applies you if you're Advanced and you actually do something that takes investment you have to do this this is going to guarantee that when you actually start to spend money on ads it will work it will give you a basically green light to actually start running ads for your business and know that they will work and you can scale them to the Moon without you investing any money effort or time and the reason you want to know this is because 90% of people not just beginners but Advanced people all the way to me if you don't do this you are going to launch ads you're going to make a new product you're going to launch a new business this is where it gets really nasty if you're just launching businesses without doing this you're going to lose so much money and then you put it up on advertising and then it doesn't work for example I made a supplement company back in a day I made a whole webinar from it from it I invested into the products the manufacturing the whole shebang and then I launched ads and it didn't sell well at all it it it was like selling old teeth and if you don't know I don't know if you ever tried to sell old teeth via ads it doesn't work I don't know why the Market's not there maybe it's just I'm before my time in 2025 selling old people's teeth going to be crispy but for real you just need to do this one thing and this will fix all of it it is called baking muffins so what does this mean and how does this apply to your business so baking muffins means making as little as you can to test whether a business or product idea works so like all these videos I try to keep these short so if you want to see the actual YouTube ad scripts I use for this how I test the ads for this on Facebook the funnels I like to use these will all be linked at the end of this video and unlike other channels I don't have some course to tell you because I've already made a comical amount of money actually doing this so you can just sit back relax and take your skeptical glasses off so what does this involve well let me just give you a situation how I could have determined whether that e-commerce business that I made would have worked or not so I made all these supplements these biohacking supplements and whatnot I made a big old webinar for them all the manufacturing everything you know what I could have done instead of investing all that money time and effort I could have just made the sales page and then the first graphics for the ads and website and then just made an e-commerce store and then ran ads to that e-commerce store without having a product just made the big old page and then the pitch and everything in fact I could have skipped the pitch and just made a basic e-commerce store and see if that even gets traction but I know what you're thinking but Alex what if they come to the store and buy well right before they buy I could have just not accepted their credit card and I could have counted that as a conversion wait what am I what am I saying here am I saying run traffic to websites that don't actually have a product on them run traffic to pages that sell products that don't actually exist and don't collect money yes that's exactly what I'm saying here why let me explain so look the most damaging thing you can ever do in business is spend a month making a product making all this stuff without confirming that the market actually wants it or most importantly that it will sell from ads see a few videos ago I talked about how to build your business around what the market wants in terms of advertising how easy is it to advertise your customer how unique is your product to get it to your customer and how easily will you be able to run ads at a high profit margin because you are targeting or running ads in a way that is highly profitable you design the business for ads but before we even go and design a business we don't want to spend months and tens of thousand of dollars or hundreds of thousand of dollars or 500s of dollars I don't know what range of business you're in making a product and all these things and then it goes to ads and it doesn't work what is so much easier to do is you make the pitch or the product offering without ever doing anything else so for example let's imagine I went and just made an e-commerce website selling a protein powder let's say I have an idea or a spin for protein powder and I want to see if it works what I can do is I can make a simple onepage or mostly empty website we don't want to put a ton of time into this maybe we have a homepage and then just the product page selling it I'm assuming at this point you've been to an e-commerce webs site where they sell protein powder or something like that we put the whole pitch we put an image of the product on the page we have everything that we use to sell and then what we do is we send traffic to that page and if it doesn't convert we assume hey this product sucks people don't actually want this and what we start doing is we start then running traffic to different variations of our idea so we're let's say we have a protein powder that has vegetables thrown to it then we have a protein powder that increases your IQ and then let's say we have a protein powder that improves your skin I don't know okay and so what we do is instead of going and making a formulation or building a business around all three of those products what we're instead going to do is we're going to run traffic to the page and the person will go through the site just like any other site say we're using Shopify in this example right here we can build the entire website up until the cart checkout we can even take the person's credit card and payment information and then just refund them instantly or not take the payments at all and if you take payments while doing this you are a stage five poople head and I'm not suggesting doing that what we want to do is we want to say hey if I spend $100 on ads right here how much money will I make back and very quickly we'll see oh wait this this product is actually clicking and advertising this product is something that people are actually buying and so we start running traffic to these pages and of course we're going to lose money doing this but not as much money and time as we would have lost if we launched the entire business and it didn't work and then what we're going to quickly do is we're going to have the market tell us what variation variation one variation 2 variation three or even confirm entire business model all together they're going to tell us what they're looking for and then then what we're going to do is we're going to go and start actually building the product and making the advertising for this see what a lot of people do is they make the entire product business advertising funnels everything before even testing if the market wants it that is like baking an entire wedding cake without tasting what it tastes like it's like baking an entire wedding cake without checking if people actually want it instead what do people do when they're baking wedding cakes for weddings they make dozens and dozens of little cupcakes and then they give this to the person who's having the wedding and they say which cupcake do you like the most and they go this cupcake and then they make the entire wedding cake this is what we are doing with ads so for example what could I have done better when I was launching my SAS companies like hyos and my original autoresponders and other SAS companies well a lot of times I'd launch a SAS company and the product would fall flat and I'd be like oh this doesn't work for mads I wish I just hadn't invested hundreds of thousands of dollars to see if this works or not what I could have instead done is made maybe just a sales page for the software and then a call booking page and then had when it start getting calls start actually doing the calls and then at the end of the call say hey by the way this product isn't here yet but you can get on the wait list and I can contact you when it's here this would have saved me bazillions of dollars in time because I can get this entire process right here done in about two days and see what SAS prodct will actually get me calls or customers coming in same can be done in e-commerce same can be done with virtually anything I could have made a mock software or a video of a software that doesn't exist I could have just had the UI put together and then a video running the product but it's really just a scripted video of me running something that looks like the product but it's not actually here and then see how people respond to that run ads to that you can even also use this when Gathering feedback and initial feedback on your product as well always always do this because again what we want to do is we want to build businesses based around what will work in advertising what's going to work easily advertising so that we can scale it really far and if we want to see what's going to do that without going investing tons of time and tons of money we can go and make little muffins or empty businesses that don't actually sell anything but look like they sell something and then see how the market responds to that first when we see a powerful response then we take everything down we take the magic lightning that we just discovered then we bottle that up then we make the product and then we go berserk with the ads and that's how you're going to almost guarantee it your ads will work day one so that being said if you actually want to see how to run the ads I have my entire ad script everything I do in video ads right here you want to see how to actually grow this business and actually find the best advertising for it once you kick it off once you take it from the fake empty product to a real product this is right here and you want to see in my opinion the best ad funnel or the best way to sell a product well that that's oh my gosh just confusing where I point at it's somewhere on this video popped up on the screen right here I have nothing else to tell you I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Scaled Facebook Ads To 76 million $$
VIDEO ID: Nj8GsJfYDgE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nj8GsJfYDgE
================================================================================

the way most people test their ads on Facebook YouTube Tik Tok is stupid as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's the most complex bureaucratic dumb process I've ever seen because what they're doing is they're testing too much at once in this video I'm going to show you a testing process you can use on any AD platform ma let's just call it Facebook I don't like calling it Ma we're going to call it Facebook Zuckerberg the name sticks this small ad Channel we've made the decision but Facebook Google Tik Tok this works everywhere and if you do this the ads are going to print money let me show you what you need to be doing instead so at my business hyos I speak with people that run ads all day long and we do a lot of their stats and analytics so I get all sorts of requests for all sorts of ways to split test their ads and analyze them and if you use Facebook at all you're going to get lost and because I used to do this and then my ads would get stuck at a couple million dollars per year in Revenue now our ads are doing near $30 million a year and I spend way less money on ads cuz the ads are just that much better and it doesn't come from having masterful copywriting or some magic sales funnel it understands what the customer is looking for and how to maximize that because that's what matters in ads and so there's a lot of different variables in ad testing and people get caught up trying to split test a thousand variables on the ad and so what they're going to do is they make an image or a video then they have the headline then they have the description and then they have the landing page and then they all these things there's so many different things going on and what they do is they try and test all these all at once and so they're looking at the video and then they're like well I also want to see like how the headline did and then how the description did and then what's the optin rate on the landing page this is so stupid because you will never actually get a coherent answer on what the customer wants and what's going to get them to convert here is what you want to do so the first thing you need to do when you're doing your ads is you have to understand the message that is going to convert customers what is the main thing that they want and is going to get them to do anything if I say I have a vehicle I want to sell you it's going to give you AIDS and then I say I have a vehicle I want to sell you it's going to make you better looking the one that says it's it's better looking is going to get more honey is going to get more customers than the one that's going to give you AIDS I know it's a very simplistic metaphor that I just made but what you need to understand about the point that I just made is If the message is correct it doesn't really matter how you say it obviously the message that is better and hits the customer correctly is going to convert higher than anything else you said and so what you need to First do with your ads is you don't even try to split testing videos you don't even try split testing headlines and descriptions and find the micro CPM whatevers that are going on that every single other media buyer and agency buyer does they try and make their ads grow through complication instead of Simplicity what you instead do is you find the message that connects with the customer remote so let's say I'm running ads for hyros and I've done all this since the beginning of time in hyros so I already know the answer is this I can run ads around tracking as the main benefit I can run ads around scaling as the main benefit I can run ads around saving money as the main benefit I can run ads around AI optimization and so what you do when you first start running ads is you don't you don't worry about any of the micro testing you want to go and make let's say in this situation five videos or five different ads focusing on a different message and you send people to a very generic landing page whether it's to get a call an opin or a sale okay the landing page is just simply not optimized and so what you want to do with this is you don't look at the micro testing right here you look at what message gets people clicking the most and buying the most now if you want to get a little bit more specific with this we can make a landing page for each one so for example I could make a highis landing page where the top headline Focus around tracking scale saving seven each and then I want to see which ad performs the best and that's going to tell me usually which message people are most interested in then when I'm going to do once I find it let's say scaling is the top message okay then what I'm going to do is I'm going to start testing and optimizing around that so I'm going to get rid of tracking savings AI uh this generic page right here and I'm going to go back to drawing board again so what we're doing is we're testing one variable at a time first variable we tested was the message okay so now I'm going to make all my ads scale so what I'm going to do is I'm going to make a landing page based around scale I'm not going to optimize it more than once it's just going to be one landing page based around scale whether it's the opt-in call that's the focus of the landing page that's the only focus we're not going to try and Pitch tracking a optimization all this other stuff in that we want to get the main thing that people are interested in and when people use hyos on average their ad scale another 15.3% this is tested across thousands of businesses major companies like Tony Robbins Playboy basically every influencer in the space Pier One Etc they all use it for that exact purpose that's why we literally have a guarantee that if you don't see that scale you don't pay for it and those selling points are what I'm going to focus around and it's also why you're pretty goofy if you're running ads and not running hyros everything I just stay there 100% on point but back to this I'm going to make the landing page just around scale and then what I'm going to do is I want to get back to testing one variable so I'm going to make five different ads all with the same headline all with the same description I'm just going to make five different videos okay one 2 3 4 5 and in these videos what I'm going to do is I'm only going to focus on the hooks in the video they're all going to be focused around scale so there's going to be the beginning of the video and then there's going to be the rest of the video the rest of the is going to stay exactly the same and what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at what Hooks perform well the first 5 to 10 seconds the first 10 seconds of what happens in the ad and I'm going to see the hooks that do best okay once I see the hook that does best I'm going to restart that again again the headline descriptions everything else is not being altered right here this is the core difference what most people doing is they're testing all these things at all times all the time I'm going to look at the hooks that did well and then I'm going to go grab that hook that did well and then make five other variations of that hook maybe with different positioning where I'm at wherever so a lot of videos I started off the video with like an Iron Man USB it was very attention grabbing and I'd say this copy and paste this little script and will improve your ads 15% or something like that that was one of the earlier ads at hus when I saw that worked best I made five different variations so I put like a version of the code in the top hand corner or I'd be at a computer screen already with the results already being shown I just make different variations of that hook once you've done that once it's good enough all right like stop optimizing the hook now what we want to do is we want to go and optimize the middle of the video so let's imagine we've narrowed it down the three hooks so we have three hooks then what we want to do is we want to make three different middles of the video or ad if you're using image ads you can just stop here we can move on to the next part then what we're going to do is we make three variations of the middle of the ad to those hooks so we have a total of nine ads we didn't run that we're going to see which middle does the best then what we're going to do is we're going to reduce down to the middle that does the best and leave it with these ad ads whenever we want to go and we're getting ad blindness we just add a few more hooks okay so we have the best possible hook with a very effective middle this is good enough then what do we do we start optimizing the landing page all right we're going to optimize the headline that's on the landing page the page itself the rest of it get that to good enough principles then finally this is where we get to the headline of the ad this is where we get to description I don't even optimize descriptions if you're down to description you've already won so hard that it doesn't matter we're going to start optimizing the headline and for the headline and the scriptions in Facebook Google whatever we're not optimizing the conversion rates or anything on the page those should already be taken care of by everything we've done so far all we're going to do with the headline and description is we're going to optimize The Click through rate just to get clicks as low as possible so everything we optimize for up until the headline and description is simply going to be the end result which is the cost per call the cost per lead the cost per sale once we get the headline description we're not going to deal with that anymore we're just going to optimize for clicks and this is the process you can get to and this will get you to your best performing ads that you can use pretty much year round of course there's specials there's other things you can do like for example we're ending the Black Friday phase of the market where people are optimizing for that hyros so of course I'm creating some ads based around that cuz people make so much more damn money if they use hyros on Black Friday it's like 20% more whereas if you do a million dollars a day in sales on Black Friday like some e-commerce storees like like an extra $200,000 just from tracking your ads correctly but whatever don't do that but that's what the ads focus on so I'm running ads using that same process I just showed you but for Black Friday in a four-month period And if you're running your business and your head of marketing you have time to really like make this process and repeat it over and over again many times a year using different angles based on the timing of the year so for example at highrisk when the iOS update dropped I I'd use this angle when it was working when we're getting around the Black Friday phas I'd use that kind of angle in messaging and so the process is messaging hooks middle of videos lining page then headlines then description and then call it good if your ads are not converting after you've done this your offer itself stinks which is why you should watch this video and then the video which is about getting your offer aligned with the market if you want to see the ad scripts and landing pages that I use these are what these videos are for I have nothing else to talk to you about goodbye

================================================================================
TITLE: How The Top 1% Make Billions With "Slow Sell" Ads
VIDEO ID: iTwxc1_o3Ks
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTwxc1_o3Ks
================================================================================

everyone and I mean everyone who makes a lot of money from their business I'm talking a n figure1 million plus businesses which I can tell you about cuz I built them does this why do they do this because it makes ads [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money and you don't even have to be good at it you can actually be quite bad as soon as I made this shift in my business I went for having a business did a couple seven figures a year to having combined amount of businesses that do $30 $40 million per year businesses that have $100 million valuations businesses that have busted $100,000 a day in ads I'm rich I don't see that the brag okay I kind of do I just want to let you know this is what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works and I have no course or anything to sell you because I've already made enough money doing this I just want to add you to my retargeting list so I can Target you for my software company that's really what I'm doing here but you're going to learn a lot in the process now this tag teams on the last video that I showed you guys where I showed you the process of using High ticket sales to essentially get customers from ads for free if you didn't watch that video there's a link to it at the end of this video there's also a link in the description you should watch that video as soon as you're done with this because that's the key to getting everything into what I'm about to show you for free that's how you get tons of customers in your business ready to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slapped with value okay don't don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slap your customers I'm sorry I just have to sit up here and use profanity and entertain myself with horrible metaphors because I've been making business content for way too long if I don't scream poop jokes and say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a few times this is just dreadfully boring for me so please let me Spruce it up so I don't commit sioku from talking about business for the Thousand time but if you do this your ads are simply going to work they are going to print money it's almost impossible not to do this and you can finally stop making social media and YouTube videos that get customers you can actually Chuck up walk up to the table and buy customers like a man it feels great not to have to go on Tik Tok every day and shake your butt around make faces and dance around like some skibbidy Rizzy genzer you know you you're probably like 20 30 years old it's time to stop it it's time to actually learn how to run traffic like a grown adult this is how you do it so look last video I showed you how to get high ticket sales and essentially send people in to your business at no cost for example in that video let's say we bought 500 leads for $5 a lead I showed you how to essentially break even on that or even make money just by selling a high ticket this allows us to get 500 customers in for free that's the Golden Goose right there now what we need to do once we get the customers in the business for free is we gain a few things when we get a customer into the business specifically if you gather their email using that opin page again I'll link to that video at the end of this video as well it all Ties on that so you have to know what I'm talking about a little bit just watch those videos but what we did before we did the high ticket Clos is we sent people to an optin this gets us a few things this gets us their email when they go to the high ticket content video that happens after this get gets us rapport with them and they're also on a retargeting list so what do we have here we have the contact information and an easy way to contact them cheaply via ads and they like us if we made a good content video after they opted in this is a person just Prime to be sold to for years if you handle it correctly so let's imagine we get these 500 people on the email list now I can give you a follow-up strategy exactly what to say on the email list and be a retargeting ads we'll get to that later on the channel you just need to start looking at it this way imagine if if we get these 500 people to on average spend $5 a month with us over a year and this is totally possible to do with email list by the way $5 per lead isn't that hard especially if you're in the right Niche hell let's just say $2 let's keep it simple let's be idiots about this let's let's imagine you're underperformer you're just a 6 IQ Point dude trying to make your way in the world so that's $1,000 in sales times 12 off of $2,500 in ad spend while being terrible at this this is where people mess up everything I laid out here you're thinking this this Zone's too simple just mark it to them after yes you cover your cost with a high ticket product if you're a person it must cover your cost I don't even focus on that CU I don't care obviously you can see you make so much more money down here why even focus on this part but most of you who are starting a business and don't want to lose money up front and need to make money right away this is the best strategy to use so watch that video at the end of this video but what we then do is we hit them up on our email list list with procs affiliate offers if you're an absolute degenerate just build your own business you don't need to run affiliate offers but if you must other high ticket offers while also sending these people via emailing and retargeting more content that is good to keep that Rapport going and as long as you keep the Rapport going you can easily remarket them cheaply so for example if you have 5,000 people you can retarget them on Facebook for like three bucks a day effectively at huge profitability you can email them for free you keep that Rapport going it's not too hard to get 10 people out of this 500 to spend a 100 bucks with you each month thus getting to that goal of $2 per lead because they already trust you they already like you they're on the list because they're interested in what you're talking about so you just do that now there's all sorts of advanced things you can do with e-commerce businesses or software but what 90% of people don't do is this get the lead pay for the lead upfront using the high ticket tactic then measure how much the lead spends with you on average over year getting the $1 to $2 is easy then you're going to see that every $5 lead you get spends $24 with you so you're just trading $5 bills for $24 on autopilot I do this in a much more complicated way with SAS businesses where I'll pay like $2,000 for $400 a subscription and you're probably like how's he do that it's because I track how the subscription stay they say on average for two years so I make $8,000 from $2,000 you combine that over a lot of AD spend you print money this is the shift you need to make if you want to see how to get the leads into your business essentially for free watch this video if you want to see the actual funnel the landing pages being used to accomplish this to give you some ideas watch this video if you want to not die alone and you want your children to think you're a very impressive man you can run ads in a business very functionally subscribe to this channel I don't have anything else to say to you

================================================================================
TITLE: It's Gross...but my ads make $52,000 a day selling this
VIDEO ID: eOikchS2wsU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOikchS2wsU
================================================================================

if you alter the first ad your customer SE to this your business will money from ads in fact you'll be able to get thousands of customers into your business essentially for free cuz your ad cost is completely covered this right here took one of my businesses which is a software business and by the way the software business is famous for terrible advertising no one makes any money on their ads they all lose like tens of thousands of dollars up front and then make the money back six years later this strategy right here took my software business from zero to almost $50,000 per day in profit in just a couple weeks and it's the most boring hard to sell upfront business ever so this will definitely probably work for you now you're probably wondering what this magical simple tweak is and why I'm waving a gun at you and I have good news for you cuz I'm going to answer both those questions I'm going to lay it out to you in extreme detail and I also have nothing to sell you CU I'm already obscenely rich from actually doing this not selling courses on ads so it's purely in your benefit as for the gun all right look so here's what we're going to do here's how it's going to happen here's why it's important first off if you can run ads you can get unlimited traffic look I know it's tempting to go out there and trying to get all your traffic making YouTube videos and shaking your butt on Tik Tok I know you love that showing off those fresh pressed hams but if you can simply do this one thing which is run ads that pay for themselves you can generate endless customers thousand customers 10,000 customers 100,000 customers day it doesn't matter it's the same thing it's all just touching a button in the Facebook ads manager but the problem is you can't and unless you want to be 45 years old and making Tik Tok reels and making C faces to keep the attention of gen zers on on YouTube and Instagram reals this is what you're going to need to learn how to do and a huge benefit is once you master this it absolutely money you've unlocked the ability to just hit a button on command and make money from the internet so pay attention for literally 3 minutes I've kept this video intentionally short for your brain rodded brain then you can get back to watching Taylor Swift videos or if you're young in some scity toilet and also these videos are short so all I'm going to show you in this video is the tactic the landing pages examples of the land in pages and a long-term monetization content that is behind my $5,000 Mastermind VIP Deluxe Platinum xxx big erection big boy private lesson Mastermind group course I'm just kidding I've already made money doing this in the real world I don't need to sell anything it's just for free at the end of this video and more YouTube videos you don't even have to leave YouTube you put it all together like peanut butter and jelly you're going to make a lot of cash it's so simple so what most people try and do is they run ads and then they run it to their website and try to get a sale this doesn't really work because the main thing you're trying to sell at your business rarely converts the first time someone sees it and it's probably not expensive enough to really monetize traffic cold traffic that doesn't know you so this doesn't work this is why people end up trying to become social media influencers and making videos to keep attention online not at all like I'm doing right now do not pay attention to any of my actions just focus on the work words but in truth I built my business without making YouTube videos I got my software company to over $100 million valuation without any social media hoopla whatsoever so if you're an incel and you prefer to sit in your mother's basement and just run ads as a shadow person this is perfect for you my creepy little Gollum like friend and if all this fails you can just start an only fans for those pressed hams we've been talking about but here's what you actually want to do we want to run an ad and then we want to get people inside of our business inside our hemisphere which looks like a booby but really we want them on our email list and we want to be able to retarget them easily on Facebook and Google and we want them to like us this is what we're trying to achieve right here now we're trying to do is also achieve this without losing money so how do we do that it's very very simple you're going to run a funnel and I'll give you the landing page and all this stuff in the next video focus on what I'm saying right now there will be links spoon fit to you at the end but we're going to run an ad to an optin all right where you're just going to collect the person's email address and exchange for Content then we're going to send them to a video that delivers very good content some prime grade [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff they can grab their kids gather them around and and show them just how highly valuable your content is then what you're going to do in the content is at the end of it in the middle of it you're going to offer a call to sell something very expensive preferably about $55,000 but I don't have a $5,000 product figure it out the easiest thing you could sell right here is consulting or some really high level form of what you're selling in your business or some one toone coaching or some service just make it expensive I don't care what it is and it shouldn't be the main thing you're selling anyways in fact I will show you a way to actually skip this step in the next video where I talk about the long-term money analiation form but if you're a beginner and you want this on easy mode where you don't lose money up front you do this why we get the email address we now have the person's contact information we sent them in the content they now like us and we've targeted them with all the p Sals on ad platforms so we now retarget them super cheaply we just built a list or started building a list of people that we can easily Market to and make money from which I'll explain how to do that in the next video but let's look at the actual Dynamics from this if we get 500 people from this ad onto this email list at $5 a pop and one of them buys the $5,000 product we just twox our money if half of them say we get we get a little person through okay we get a Peter Dinklage if one out of every thousand buys we have still absolutely covered our ad cost so even if we increase this number to a thousand people we've gotten a thousand people on an email list for free now the next video I'm going to show you how to generate $2 to $5 per month or at least how to look at it from each person on your email list allowing you to then print money for free but the first goal the first business of order is to get people in this hemisphere of knowing you on your contact information and ability to be remarketed too then you sell them the main stuff you're selling then you sell additional affiliate offers then you sell the additional products you want to sell let's talk about this in application real quick at my business I ran ads to a Consulting offer that taught people how to run ads I don't sell this anymore because this works so damn well I don't need to do it anymore but it's a great way to start a business this is how my ads were super profitable up front the ad ran to this I gave people ad content and as you can tell my ad content is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hot Fire it's like Chipotle mixed with ghost peppers you're not going to be walking straight for weeks but for real this allowed me to get thousands and thousands of people on an email list who I then launch my company highers to which makes your ads simply so much more effective if you use hos your ads make 15 20% more that's why thousands of businesses use it if you track your ads accurately and feed it back to AI you're just going to make more money from your ads we're not here to talk about hos right now and frankly if you have any competence with ads whatsoever you're already using it like everyone else but this allowed me to get thousands of people in cover the ad cost I actually made money right here I made about a 2X doing a high ticket phone closing sequence which we'll cover on this channel just browse around I have the scripts and everything on the channel and then I sold hyos and got people on 300 to multiple thousand per month subscriptions for their ads after I built rapport with them and was able to remarket them super cheap instead of just going and running ads directly to hyros and making no money and losing tons of money like everybody else in the software business this allows you to run ads day one yes you have to sell something High ticket but do you want to make a lot of money or not you you can sell something High ticket you can do it there's cold call strips and funnel types all over this channel but that being said the best way to make the most money from this is to do one of these two videos one we got the landing pages the funnel everything you should look at how this actually works the nuts and the bolts over here and then how to monetize it and make money from it long term right here if you already know about landing pages and whatnot just go to this video you're a little bit newer to this or you just want to see the stuff in example or you just want to watch the whole entire content feel watch both of them I have nothing else to say to you goodbye [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: Run This Offer On Facebook Ads NOW (HUGE ROIS)
VIDEO ID: ZYWv4F-TXmI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYWv4F-TXmI
================================================================================

okay in this video i'm going to show you the best offer for facebook and youtube ads by far okay by using this offer strategy i've generated over 20 million dollars in sales on one campaign for one business and i've scaled high risk to being the fastest growing ad analytics company entire world it works period if you build offers like this you're going to make a lot more money from your ads because this is the biggest hack when it comes to running facebook and youtube ads if you understand how to structure an offers in this way you're gonna kill it every single person i know it's made 10 20 30 million dollars worth of sales plus via ads they're doing this every other person i know that's getting mediocre results constantly and can't escape out of this and is trying to do all sorts of complex stuff they don't do this okay until you do this you're going to keep wasting money it's going to be a struggle and it's going to be terrible because i had the same exact experience before i started applying this real quick if you're new here i'm alex becker i'm ceo of hiros again we're the fastest growing ad analytics cup in the world this gives me a little bit of insight in what's working with ads i also run the most successful ad mastermind online based on results i have more six seven eight-figure results than anybody else ever with ad masterminds it's really cool and i'm not saying that so you can join it i'm just saying i need i kind of know what's going to be working with facebook and youtube ads and so in this video i'm just going to show you exactly the type of offers that work and if you understand how to make an offer like this oh it's going to be juicy it's going to be fun you're going to you're going to you're going to have a lot of juice you can have juice parties everyone be like where'd you get all that juice and you'd be like from this alex becker video which has the content i'm gonna show you right now and i'm gonna stop rambling let's get into it alright guys so let's talk about this because this is actually in my opinion and i know i always say this but this is the number one secret to running really successful ads so the problem that i see with almost every ad campaign that won't scale or once it just won't work at all you might have always been just confused why does my offer not work with ads why can't i get this on ads why does it never work with ads it's because the offer is not made to work with ads you know we got to really think what type of offer is going to work with ads not all offers work with ads for example something i constantly see businesses fail at is they make a low ticket software for example when i made market hero okay this thing ranged from nineteen dollars to let's just say a thousand dollars per month with the vast majority of users being in the forty nine dollar uh to one hundred dollar range and also had a 14 day free trial all right this offer right here absolutely sucked with ads why well first off email marketing very saturated there's already tons of other things in the market but on top of that it was very hard to ever make a profit upfront selling it like this in fact it was impossible one people just go to the front of the site and try to free trial uh or they take it through there and even when we work out the free trial numbers it was very hard to make our money back unless we were willing to wait three months for all the rebills to come in which is actually a great setup if we're looking at ltv profit but when i'm running ads i want to make profit up front because the more profit you make up front the farther you can scale look if you're making if you're spending a thousand dollars and make five thousand dollars you can scale so far to the point that you're spending five thousand dollars to make five thousand dollars and you're just getting all the customers in and let's just look at it this way all right so let's imagine so let's imagine it like this okay so let's imagine this is the amount of leads per day that we get with 5 000 leads per day being down here 1 000 up here okay and let's look at our roi at you know a 5x right here all right so 5 000 back a day for a thousand dollars spent and a 0x right here right we're able to actually go and fuel our business this way because we have so much profit margin to wiggle our scale into so we could scale maybe 5 10 15 times farther and get way more customers into our business which we can then make money on the back end from which is where everybody should make money anyways okay and so this offer here doesn't work and i've seen people try it with like a 47 offer i've seen people try 99 offers i just see them try and sell their supplements i see them try and sell books and then what eventually happens is they have to take these offers that don't work and put something in front of them like a book funnel or something like that they have to go and put weird stuff in front of it or a trip wire and they end up having to do all these things in order to sell this offer that they would rather just that's their core offer okay so when you're thinking about your business maybe you have an offer that just won't work with ads it's just been extremely difficult to work with ads what you don't want to do is take an offer that's not designed to work for ads and run ads to it what you want to do is you want to let's say this is your core offer you want to put something in front of it that's designed for ads or you want to design your product from the get go to work with ads so for example iros is uh it's 347 a month on the lowest level okay easily gets people 10x roi you guys should check out hiros because if you're running ads without hirose you're actually functionally insane it pays for itself 10 times over we guarantee that result with tracking and correct attribution people can scale much further they save a ton of money it's just a known fact at this point this is where we have literally every influencer big info marketer large e-commerce brands sas companies this is why it's the fastest eye tracking company growth wise in the world right now okay it just works you should you should use it enough about that though but there's a reason why i only allow us to sell it at 3 500 up front you have to buy one year up front why why is this why do we require a phone call for this why don't i just sell it for the free trial why don't i sell uh 29 packages 99 packages well there's a reason because we like to provide super stellar support okay and we can't provide super stellar one to one support at these prices right here but another secondary reason right here uh that i don't allow three forty seven dollar signups is because this works exceptionally well with ads okay look the number one funnel for ads by far are call funnels to high ticket products by far why the conversion rates on a five thousand ten thousand dollar product especially when you work in a phone funnel work out to just generate a far better roi i've talked about this every single time i talk about ads in these videos if you have a thousand people in let's say you're paying ten dollars per lead and you're selling a 50 product and you have a 10 conversion rate so you sell 100 of these and 10 is insane i've never seen anybody achieve that ever we're gonna make five thousand dollars back okay we're gonna lose money on this thing if we get a thousand leads in and we have a eight thousand dollar product and we get a point zero two conversion rate okay our point two percent look my math is going to be terrible but a point 0.2 conversion rate right here yeah 0.2 math is correct right there we're going to make sixteen thousand dollars and six thousand dollars profit and this is much easier to achieve than this okay especially when you have a cough line right there so when you're thinking to yourself all right how am i going to get leads in my business because what we talked about last videos one of the most profitable things you can do is use your ads as legion free legion and the way you do that is if you cover ad costs if you eliminate this let's say we're getting uh we can get 3 000 leads in a day uh and we spend 10 000 okay that that stinks for 3 000 leads we're down 10 000 per day but if we make 10 000 back it becomes a free three thousand dollar leads which we can then sell on our backlink back end for all infinity and make tons of money now if we can make money let's say we make 5k profit on that uh 10k let's say we make 15k back every day that's even sweeter because then we're making money on the front end and the back end but this is very hard to do unless that product is designed for ads okay so we have to think about what type of product is best for ads i'll tell you what i would look for it has to be high ticket the higher ticket the better if i can sell something for 10 15 000 that's what i'm gonna do that's the service i'm gonna design that's what i'm gonna use to get leads in for example let's say our main product was like workout courses or something like that like we're selling 99 150 uh workout courses and supplements what i would do is i would make a 10 000 super offer like an event or something like that on the front end and i would use that as my thing is everybody who comes in from this going to buy the ten thousand dollar thing no but if point two percent of them do the other 99.8 percent can then become customers of our main product that's that's the goose right there okay so the first thing you want to do is you want to make it as high ticket as possible even if you have to make another product to be super high tickets you could sell your most high ticket level form of coaching on your front end use that that will cover ad cost then you can sell all your smaller things to people that don't buy the highest ticket thing also sell it on the phone if you can buy a call funnel or if you can make a call funnel work this is what gets you the best rois so what can be super high ticket what can be sold on the phone next what is missing in the marketplace this is one of the best things you need to look at so many people go out there and they sought at one prog let's say sam evans consulting course okay well about 50 200 consulting courses later if you go through youtube there's about 200 of these damn things you're going to be running ads against so many people that the cost acquire customer is so expensive just due the choices the customer has okay if the original pie of this marketplace right here was 100 million dollars and you could originally get a customer for let's say you could get a lead in for one dollar well the more people that start bidding on this the lower the profits get so let's imagine if we have 200 courses right here each course can only make two million bucks maybe some of them stand up and make five times more another but again it's it's extremely difficult when you're not the only person going for this thing and the cost per lead is going to skyrocket because all these people that have courses are going to start paying more and more so what happens is the cost per lead goes up and the total profit you can make is down so what can you do against these niches instead let's say you're in the consulting niche figure out a service that is high ticket you can sell on the phone to consulting businesses that nobody else is selling maybe it's optimizing their social media maybe it's optimizing their email campaigns maybe it's optimizing their youtube ads maybe it's going and getting them published on forbes or something like that find the service that much fewer people are selling that appeals to your target market so if you're selling the consultants and you got a 2 000 course or something like that or a membership or high ticket coaching or whatever think hmm how can i use a front-end maybe done for you service it's super expensive for consultants people will come in here to learn about it or get information on it or whatnot and then i can get them into here this is how you would go out there and really crush it with ads see what you need to understand is that when you're making ads it's like you're getting in a dog fight now look there's all sorts of roles for all sorts of dogs a chihuahua a poodle you know it's great for sitting on a paris hilton's lap doesn't mean the dog can't make money it doesn't mean the dog can't be a successful business but when you're going into an ad arena you're going against other people so you need to have a pitbull all right you need to genetically breed an offer to be a pitbull you need to make an offer specifically for ads first don't make the offer and then make the ads make the think about the ads and design the offer around the ads and then use the pitbull offer to get people in get leads in and then you can sell them poodles okay you can sell them poodles at a massive profit margin and then you're not paying a massive cost to get them in there that is how you kill it that is how i have grown high rose that is how i grew my last company market hero for example what we did is i said okay cool this offer this 49 per month offer absolutely tanking it not working at all i'm losing so much money up front it's not going to work well what i did instead is i made a 2 offer that i sold through a webinar okay and then i got people in to this webinar we made like a a 0.5 to sometimes 4x roi on the webinar when all payment plans and everything were coming in long story short it would to get leads in and then let's say i got 50 000 leads a month okay cool i can get a thousand of these people to sign up for my software that's ten thousand but you get it i get a thousand these people to sign up for my software bam my recurring revenue is increasing by 50k a month and this is where the real money starts coming because once i get this let's say we increase this this revenue this recurring revenue the 300k per month okay i'm just making this passively on top of it increasing and it's all fueled by this thing right here so i have a very successful business right here because if i just sold this thing right here this money wouldn't be made i'm able to make a little bit of money right here by selling the high ticket offer that's genetically bred for ads and i'm able to get leads in for free and so there i have a nice 350 k per month business this isn't our revenue and the numbers we were doing we actually did way more on this offer and what we're doing right here i'm just giving you right here i have a nice 350k per month business without ever having to lose money on ads that's how you make offers for ads that's what kills it on facebook so depending on what you're doing let's say you have supplements find a high ticket offer maybe a done-for-you camp a huge bundle of your your supplements together with an info marketing course find something you can sell for a thousand and two thousand dollars up front say you're selling courses find some ten thousand five thousand dollar done for you service you can sell up front that attracts the target customer okay say you're selling a sass find a way when you're designing your sas in the first place the best thing to do is find a way to make a high-ticket sas where you can sell enterprise maybe a 25 000 per month package or something like that that's where it's going to become so easy to run ads at because you can spend five thousand dollars just to get one customer you know you could spend 25 000 to get one customer and it's 12x profitable in a year that's that's where the juice is at say you're making a software or something like that so that being said guys that's the lesson for the day if you do this this is makes this is made this has been my secret to running ads this has been every successful business i know that has had a lot of success running ads without much effort they sell something they sell something matches the criteria they use the strategy i talked about selling low ticket things selling things that are not optimal for ads makes your life hard selling low ticket reoccurring things you lose money up front you have to wait six months you sell these complicated funnels they fall apart you have like these tripwire seven dollar ten dollar fifteen dollar thing it just becomes a real mess and it's hard to manage and you should check out the video from uh earlier this week where i talk about the perfect funnels for these things but if you can just make a big simple offer which the simplest way to make an offer and sell a high ticket is a call funnel that's the juice you're in so that being said guys one thing i would suggest use hyrus track accurately it will improve your roi on your ads 15 and 20 would literally guarantee it or you don't pay for it on top of that if you want help growing your business like i talked about you want help actually with the targeting making the procs doing everything we just covered check out my mastermind below this video we have more ad results than any other a youtube ad or ad mastermind online it's it's going to work for you again you don't pay for it finally what you also need to do check out the free courses on this channel just go to the channel becker of pyros be sure to subscribe because i release these videos every single week be sure to subscribe go check out all the free courses we have a youtube scaling course we have a facebook scaling reports and there's so much more on this channel about how to grow your ads and make way more money from your ads so that being said this has been alex becker and uh i'll see you next video be sure to subscribe smash that like button i don't have a good way to end this video [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: These IOS 14 FB Ad Hacks Are STUPIDLY Profitable
VIDEO ID: hsd_H9rO4Ds
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsd_H9rO4Ds
================================================================================

so non-stop on the hyrus forum i've seen people saying ah that's ruined my ads my ads are ruined to the ios i can't target anymore and they're all doing it in that same overly deep voice it's a really weird place there even even the girls there are talking in that voice maybe that's just in my head when i read the comments anyways look here's the deal i'm going to show you a bunch of things that are going to make your ads perform a lot better on facebook during ios it actually doesn't come down to any advanced changes or anything i'm just showing you different audiences and just little tweaks i've made that i've seen much bigger improvements from and frankly have allowed my ads to be doing a little bit better actually than before ios came now of course using hieros using attribution metrics i'm still able to see my attribution super clearly and so i'm not really going to be focusing on that if you're having trouble seeing your ad results or making good decisions just get hiros we literally guarantee you're going to see a 15 to 20 increase in your eye just use it for that i'm talking more about audiences and targeting and so without further ado i don't think that this video needs a big intro do you let's just get into it okay guys so we're looking at one of my smaller ad accounts right here and i use this a lot for testing but it shows the same thing i'm seeing in other ad accounts so let's go look at what's going on here the first thing i've really noticed after this update is that look-alike audiences are really outperforming just standard targeting audiences now this was kind of the case before this isn't something that you know hasn't existed but if you look right here you know are our base audiences which are going to be the the standard targetings we're talking about like targeting shopify targeting people that run paid ads i'll even show you let's say i'm using just a basic good old bare bones chimpanzee audience like marketo okay super duper basic audience this was doing really well uh before the update okay so if we go back and look at the campaigns this was doing great now look everybody has and acts like they understand exactly why this is happening and i'm going to be straight up transparent with you could be a whole range of things obviously the most basic thing that's happening is facebook just simply isn't able to target the way they used to especially when it comes to list of people okay retargeting was something that took a a big old doozy but if we go look at like let's just say the last 14 days right here you can see this is really it's really increased a lot for me while my look-alike audiences have gone down a lot okay and you can even see the past few days you know this hasn't been great now comparatively for me this this is still a great cost per call for me this is absolutely fine i'm just referring to this and again we're using facebook's conversions right here nine out of 10 times i'm going to be using high-risk conversions for these because facebook is just wildly inaccurate with their conversions they over report like crazy due to view throughs okay that's one thing you need to be looking out more and i guess i'll just talk about it right now look whenever you go and actually look at your actual metrics especially if you have a business with crisscrossing ads it wasn't this bad before in fact facebook under reported a lot in the past it seems like their over reporting has gone insane now is this because they want to still seem like they're getting good results i don't really know but i've seen over reporting on facebook just get the silly levels like right here i can track where every single call on highrose came from i can click right here and i'm not going to load it up in this video because you've probably seen me do it a thousand times other videos but i can see people's entire click history every ad they've interacted with all the devices they're using a lot of times when you have crisscrossing businesses especially businesses that have a lot of organic traffic like hyrus does you're going to start seeing a lot of over reporting in facebook so again you need to be super careful with this because it's gotten to a level that's like inappropriately high recently from my point of view now the next thing i've seen that's really helped a lot and improved results is creating bigger look-alike audiences so if i go and move that down you're going to see and again we're going to be echoing off of facebook numbers right here which are not really that accurate these numbers are the cost recall is a little bit higher on all of these that being said i've been getting really good results by increasing to the five percent and i'm trying to go up to the seven percent in that range now with our lookalike audiences because i think what's also happening right here is facebook just literally has smaller lists to work with when they were able to target people on apps and for people on phones and all the things that are being cracked down on they just had larger lists of people so you had more people you could run ads to i think in order to make facebook work a little bit better you need to give facebook a larger list of people to be targeting because they can still find people can still use its conversion targeting to do pretty well there especially if you're passing that data back from an attribution tool but one thing that just worked a lot better for me is just increasing the audience sizes and i want to show you one thing that's worked really bad for me is in the past i used to really want these ad sets to only target the people that i want to target okay so i would usually block exclusions i wouldn't have uh i wouldn't give facebook the ability to go way outside the interest range that i put in there i every campaign that i've had the interest range blocked on has done a lot worse than ones that haven't now the final thing i'm going to lay out there as well is having customer list and using customer lists primarily for retargeting which i'm doing a lot of right now has just been working a lot better than say retargeting people to just bump onto my page or something like that it's it's a simple statement to make but i've really used to focus more on website retargeting and list retargeting has just been working a lot better so if you have an email list you're collecting emails you're collecting actual customer data i think that gives google i think that gives facebook a lot better direction to target than simply using the website retargeting which is again being a little bit messed up by ios because again it's not tracking people landing on apps because again a big chunk of facebook's targeting and audience collection via pixels has been knocked out a little bit by the ios update so that's another thing right there now just a few things i think you should really look at with your ads because what i constantly see people try and do is they try to find the reason why their ads aren't working but you have to think what what's going to happen if you find the reason why your ads aren't working you're probably not going to be able to fix it because facebook is just going to keep working like it's working right now the end the most important thing you could do is improve your ads so let me give you a few things that i've done and have really helped out one of the things that's helped out the most and i'm doing it in this campaign right now so you can kind of see what i'm doing is reducing the amount of ads inside of ad groups now you might not have this problem but when i've done this i've seen it do a lot better okay so what i do is i just go and clear the ads that are kind of a messy right there sometimes people like to have like seven different ads in there i'm really finding that at around three to four ads that's when we're kind of getting the best the best results on top of that check out this video ad right here this thing has done extremely well for me lately and if you just apply these things to your ads even without changing the scripts even without changing the copy you're probably going to start seeing better results so check out this ad right here on this corner this thing has got me significantly better results than my other ads but it has the same exact ad script copy everything so with your ads make sure when you're running video ads first off those are what are doing better on facebook right now i'm not usually seeing image ads do better on the cold targeting side on the retargeting site i see image ads do much better because all you're trying to do is remind people there's just a general tip right there that can help you with your ads right now on top of that when you have a video ad what's the thumbnail look like okay is there a clear hook text wise in the thumbnail okay is there an image that stands out so check this out this is this is this is important when it comes to advertising if you go and compare this ad to this ad right here that's over here i know i'm scrolling around no man's land the other ad starts off with a blurry uh image of a non-unique thumb drive okay so i took that ad i put an iron man thumb drive that stands out especially from the background you can see there's a lot of bright lights and everything but it's blurry in the background super focused on this catches the eye person reads it this is so important when it comes to video ads simply making changes like this on my ads and thinking how are people going to scroll past and how can i grab their attention more effectively has plummeted a lot of my cost per calls because more people are clicking the ad more people are paying attention and so if you really want to do well in this update to do those things i just talked about improve the audience size start focusing a little bit more on look-alike audiences particularly of buyers buyer look like audiences have been doing very very very well for me go through your ads and look at where you can simply improve them by dropping 20 to 30 percent of your costs on ads simply by making better headlines making better video thumbnails making sure the video stands out this ai tracking extremely clear text right here you can see you can you maybe can't see it in this video right has extremely clear text okay i used a subtitle generation software that is facebook's not going to give you this clear of text you want to make the video have this right here having that right there having strong call to actions focusing on using the scripts that i talk about on this channel as well my exact youtube and facebook ad scripts are on this channel that's going to improve your ads well enough that you're not going to eat maybe the amount of doodoo you're already eating on this update i see a lot of people struggling and the reason why there's all sorts of things we can talk about facebook's lack of targeting or can't get the results it did before i'm doing just fine our ads are doing just fine and we're getting actually lower cost per calls now because i put even more effort into my ads i think what is mainly going on is the list of people that facebook can accurately target is much smaller than before so it's getting more competitive ad cost is increasing give facebook larger list to work with and make sure your ads are better because it's more competitive now because it can't target as many people as accurately as it used to be that's it i think a lot of people with uncompetitive ads are paying the price for not having competitive ads that's it that's all for today guys i mean obviously another tip i could give you but i give it every every video too use attribution use something like hirose if you're not working off the correct data from your attribution you're going to lose 15 to 20 of your ad spend you're going to kill campaigns that you should be scaling cutting another 15 to 20 of profit off your ad account if you just fix your attribution have accurate data you don't have that and that really helps a lot an extra 30 in margins is really useful when you're scaling up ads that was being said guys if you want to see as well being said check out all the tutorials and courses on this channel all my facebook copywriting on my youtube copywriting it's all here and i've done a lot of sales on top of that if you want to get actual help with that join my mastermind below look at all the results with more results when it comes to youtube ad scaling than any other mastermind on planet earth so you should check it out that being said subscribe to this channel i release videos like this every single week you're going to want to see them because they're really good and i'll see in the next one i release take it easy [Music] uh

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Sold 20 Million With Youtube Ads (5 Keys)
VIDEO ID: DKv8VubJdk8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKv8VubJdk8
================================================================================

look guys i'm going to be straight when it comes to youtube ads i'm probably the best source of information on internet i'm not going to toot my horn on that if you look at my youtube ad mastermind i have the most results of anybody online i've sold over 20 million dollars worth of products on youtube ads and i'm the ceo of the fastest growing ad tracking company in the entire world i'm sorry i know that sounds egotistical i don't mean to toot my horn quite that loud i'm even a little bit embarrassed to say all those things but it's just true and when it comes to youtube ads i can tell you what's going to work and what i see happening across the industry and how i see most people run their youtube ads it just doesn't work it's counterproductive what they're going to try and achieve in this video i'm going to show you exactly what i've learned across all my years running youtube ads everything i've seen in the data and everything i've learned working with people on their youtube ads if you apply this simple stuff and i'm not going to give you complicated stuff that's like hey all you need to do is split ses 200 pages and find the right color variation of this button no there's very simple things you can do at the beginning of your ads ways you can run your ad account ways you can run your targeting that most people just don't do that is going to increase your ad roi significantly if you watch this video i can almost guarantee it if you run youtube ads one percent of people do the things i'm talking about right here so we're just gonna dive straight into that also you should subscribe to this channel if you run ads for your business because on this channel i tell you everything i've learned from my near decade of running ads generating tens of millions of dollars in sales and what i've gained insights wise from running the fastest growing ad tracking company in the world hirose why because i want your ads to grow and if your ads grow you're probably going to need better attribution which is an absolute key to running ads correctly and so you'll probably pick up hyrus so if i help you you'll probably want to help yourself even more by picking up pyros that being said let's focus on the first goal helping you actually make your work better so okay guys so let's just dive into it and i'm gonna break this down into five things like our last video on facebook where i showed how i've sold over 10 million dollars worth of product if you just get these things right here nobody really does these things or gets these and they just keep they dive they keep bulldogging straight into these errors and you're just never going to get good results on youtube if you do these things by far the number one is not understanding how the targeting works and understanding how to target broad or narrow audiences so what do i mean by this so consistently i'm just going to use the make money online niche because it's just an easy one to explain using this but it applies to literally everything what people do let's say we're selling to people that want to start a consulting agency there's there's three spectrums of people there's absolute beginners who uh have never even considered starting a consulting agency they just want to make money quickly then there's intermediate people who have thought about starting a marketing agency but you know haven't made any money doing it or have been unsuccessful at it or they're like they've heard about the idea and then there's people that are actually making money like five to anywhere to a hundred thousand a month with their consulting business so what everybody does on facebook and the reason why they can't scale on facebook and why they can't even get on youtube in the first place is because they try to target right here they make something that's for beginners but also for people that are already successful at the idea the problem is this is a terrible terrible terrible way to run ads it's the worst business structure ever because this is actually the smallest hardest to target audience ever because not only are they small they don't also have any money because they're not making any money doing what they're doing or if you were to look at this in other terms like if we're looking at like golf clubs or something like this the person's really is is interested in the niche there's there's few of them though there's people that are interested in getting better at golf or let's say already play a few rounds of golf but also don't take it seriously so not as they're they're few of them but they also don't really want to invest in money so it's just like the worst market to get into ever and this is what people try to talk mostly on facebook in order to work on youtube you can't do this at all because this right here works to about a thousand to two thousand dollars a day on facebook afterwards it doesn't work because what happens is these people right here are repulsed by a product it's even slightly for beginners and these people right here don't even know what consulting is so you're not you can't sell to them they don't know what it is and so because this niche right here is so small and they don't even have that much money you just are marketing the worst possible people you're way better off marketing down your audience and selling a 10 000 product 10 000 product to these people or going exclusively broad and focusing on people that don't even know what a consulting agency is for example if you've ever seen sam evans offer he doesn't market the people that sort of want to get into consulting or people that already have consulting businesses he markets that people have never even heard or knows you can do a consulting business on the internet this is a mass broad audience and this is a targeted narrow audience you can't do this in-between thing and this is what people do on youtube and they die because you can't target this effectively on youtube you can target this effectively on facebook but again it's a terrible audience so you can't even scale with it when you get into youtube you want to go exclusively to the beginners to the broadest part of the audience which is going to be almost 80 of the marketplace or you want to go exclusively to the high-end people which is going to be 10 the marketplace these people right here are also 10 but they don't have any money so let's say if we're going to go and make a hundred thousand dollars we could sell 10 products these people at 10k or we could sell 50 products to beginners at 2 000. if we go right here with like a 2 000 product that's meant for both of them these people won't bide enough rate to make the uh the roi make sense and beginners won't bid enough rate for the ad to have roi and so when you get into youtube understand that where youtube really excels is broad targeting it excels at this this beginner focused audience right here because really you just have thousands and thousands of people and you can't really narrow down to their specific interest or business interest though we can easily do something like this on a narrow audience so say we're selling to let's say people that run sas companies we can easily target people watching sas accelerator videos but we don't want to make a 99 product to them a thousand dollar product we want to make a 5 000 to 10 product okay so this is actually two lessons in one first only focus on these audiences right here if you do anything else you're gonna fail go ahead try it do it i work with people in my mastermind all day i have the youtube mastermind with the most results of any other online any other online we absolutely smash you can click below this video and see all the results we get in that you can even just sign up for a call if you're a good fit we can work together i'm not focused on that right now i'm focused on telling you i have seen this literally hundreds of times people come in they try and do like this intermediate stuff and they get absolutely washed and this is why they can't get on youtube it doesn't work okay so the next lesson i'm going to give you is you got to go you got to price appropriately so the best prices are again like we talked about in the facebook video high ticket prices so when we're going to beginners we really want to go and have the upper priced product in our industry so if we're like in supplements are working out this is gonna be something that's 197 to 497. if it's in like business or education or something like that would be like one thousand two thousand dollars if we're in b2b which is very narrow targeting we're going to want to go 5 000 to 10 or as low as 3 500 and we're going to want to use probably a long winded webinar funnel for these type of products or a call funnel for these type of products so that's actually three lessons for you why high ticket i talked about this last video but let's break it down one more time so look if we have a if we get a thousand opt-ins for ten dollars let's say ten bucks a pop and we get a thousand we just paid ten thousand dollars in order to break even on this let's imagine we have a ten percent conversion rate on a ten dollar product heck let's say a hundred dollar product okay hundred dollars which is pretty uh pretty expensive if we have a hundred if we have a ten percent conversion rate which is never going to happen i've never seen that before ever and we sell 100 100 products we just made 10 000 okay we broke even with the best conversion rate on planet earth if we take this down to 10 dollars we only made a thousand dollars now if we go through and we get a much more realistic we just spent ten thousand dollars for the same thousand people and we spent 10k but we have a 2k product if we if we get a 1 conversion rate 10 people we just made 20 000 this is easier to do because the same people that would have bought at that ten dollar price that hundred dollar price one percent of them would have bought at the 2k price because they're super interested this right here makes our lives a lot easier because now we have a 2x roi on our ads which we can scale with high ticket just always works better so whether you're doing supplements even you're doing a smaller low ticket thing like a workout product or something like that you want to go and try to batch everything together to make a high-ticket product i know i get this question all the time in e-commerce if you're doing e-commerce find a way to package all your products together into a big old package and then throw info into it so let's imagine your products right here are worth 200 is all combined and then we can go and sneak info marketing into it for another two hundred dollars okay but it costs us nothing to provide the info this gives us the margins right here to charge four hundred dollars and run this to ads this is how you do it okay you can use a webinar funnel or a really really really really solid vsl okay that's what you want to do this info extra margin right here allows you to pay for all those leads coming in and optimize the ads to actually scale that's exactly why we want to do it now watch the video on this channel that talks about selling high ticket high ticket funnels and high ticket products because i just don't see how you can scale well effectively on youtube doing low ticket that's why so many people can't make it work okay and that's going to break down exactly how to sell these products and how to sell them high ticket it's on the channel there's so much free training and courses on here you should just use it the next thing in it's not about it's not about looking good or having a great looking video ad it is about nailing the message and so what i see people constantly do is they make these cinematic really high effort ads no no no my most productive ad of all time was a powerpoint presentation and again on this channel there's a link to my exact script i use for that what you need to understand about youtube first and foremost is that ugly fast rapid to produce ads are the best for two reasons one there's no proof that the really well filmed ads do better there just literally isn't number two if you can get out ads out quickly you can quickly see which ones work and which ones don't and you're going to see what message in the ad works and doesn't work very quickly and so when you see a message that works you can start split testing different messages for example you can say i'm gonna show you to start your first shopify business versus i'm gonna show you how to make five thousand dollars per month passively okay oh the five thousand dollars per month passively won the split test okay i'm gonna show you to make five thousand dollars uh per month pastly from home okay that one worked better and the one that talked about uh going and starting it and if i said i'm going to show you to make five thousand dollars a month flipping objects you can find in a grocery store oh that didn't work as well and you can keep going and doubling down this message and kind of do this yes no pattern until you get to a message that really really converts people you can't do that if you're doing well shot fancy ads you just can't because you can't produce them fast enough and you can't optimize them enough it takes you like a day to shoot the ad you're going to have to run probably 15 20 ads before you even get to the correct message and then another 20 30 different ads before that message is optimized uh and the video is convincing enough so powerpoints work just fine okay powerpoints work just fine me sitting at my desk talking to you like i am right now those have been my best performing ads there's no evidence that these super well shot ads work next in the first five seconds of this is this the last tip i'm going to give you first five seconds what you need to do is you need to attract your target audience or you need to focus on this actually what you need to do is get attention get everyone's attention lock in super hard get your main audience's attention and get them hooked with a benefit and repulse everybody that's not your target audience why do we want to do that well first thing we need attention so we can get a high view rate and so that we can catch our target on the audience period if we don't have their attention from the get-go it's not going to work but as soon as we have that attention we need to hook them immediately by not batting around the bush and make it very clear this ad is not for these people because if these people are watching our ad we're going to be paying for them viewing for the ad and if these people are watching our ad it's not clear what we're up to our target audience is going to bounce off most of the time so if you watch my ads i i do something to get someone's attention like i have this thumb drive i throw it in their face and say this thing right here will save you 15 on your ads i guarantee it something like that why i use a little bit more complicated words than that and my best ads ever are broken down on this channel but why do i say that one the stick which is a different color to my face and i jam in someone's face gets their attention people say what is this thing i say this will save you this ai optimization will save you 15 on your ads i guarantee it or you do not pay that is a hook that will hook only that run ads everybody else on planet earth is gonna go i don't i don't run ads and they're just to bounce i get a very high view rate then i lock in my target audience then i repulse everybody that's not my target audience in five seconds this is the golden key right here it most people start their ad i saw one other day where i was talking about his marketing agency and he's like walking down the street in front of his car and it took him 15 seconds from even say this was about making money he's just like you know i used to go to college and blah blah my parents used to tell me this thing and that by that time no one no one cares no one effing cares at all all right and you've probably got a bunch of people let's say you got like a lambo in the background or i don't know you just have something attention grabbing you have cats running around what's going to happen is people are going to watch the cats that aren't your target audience and your target audience is going to bounce specifically if you're doing like b to b or something like that because you just have a bunch of people watching it for the cats and all the people that are interested in b2b are going to move on to their video because they don't want to watch your damn ad that is such a huge key and then finally guys here's the last tip i have for you when it comes to tracking sales accurately i like google adwords the tracking out of the box it's it's good enough for just like a general like here's sort of what's going on but if you're running your ads based around leads opt-ins only especially if you're doing info marketing or sales which i know a lot of you guys are but that tracking is not accurate if you are making decisions off of inaccurate tracking you are wasting literally 15 to 20 of your ad spent on campaigns that are not actually generating sales that you think they are and you are also going to be cutting off 15 20 of your scale because you're going to kill ads they're actually scaling check this out now of course i can go in the hirosh dashboard now of course guys i can go inside the highrose dashboard and get the results load up in front of me but i just like to use the chrome extension because i can just see it right here inside the dashboard look this is how many calls i got from this ad right here it says i got one in google i got eight okay if i turn off this ad i'd be turning off something that makes me tens of thousands of dollars a month okay literally we make up to about a thousand bucks per call at hybro so i'd be losing literally an extra seven thousand dollars a month in near profit just doing that okay and i can click here and see everybody that came in and i can click on their history and see everywhere they came from and verify it i have this person literally opted in in 2020 and it's 20 21 right now i tracked them the entire way through through multiple email addresses and ips okay that's something google's never going to do and if you don't have this accurate date in front of you you're going to make the wrong decisions for example right here it told me i had three calls i only had two so my cost per call is actually way higher than what they're reporting it's not 500 it's 750 this is an ad i should probably turn off and losing me money and again right here here's another one perfect right here my cost per call is lovely at 200 33 google only caught one it's telling me 467 i might want to turn that one off and again the under reporting and over reporting and even if you're not even tracking the revenue by the way i was able to track this person through their click and then track them all the way to their phone calls that happened offline and get the sale if you're running your ads around leads or or calls and you're not actually looking at the exact roi you're just bonkers you're just bonkers okay so you need to be tracking something accurately if you're doing anything in any kind of scale on adwords and you have multiple traffic sources use some tracking sources solution i know that yeah i'm technically the ceo of hyrus but if you're not using something like at least use one of our competitors or something and if you don't see the same results i'm talking around here you again don't pay for it at high risk and we can also feed all this data back to make the ads much more targeted and optimize and train the ai google much better again you don't see that type of result you don't see a 15 20 increase in your ads you don't pay for hiros so again that's the last tip i know i'm a little bit biased in this regards as a co but there you go guys those simple things right there stuff that most people don't do when they're using youtube if you just do these things you're going to have such an edge up if you want to check out high risk of that tracking i just talked about all you need to do just click below you can book a call with us we guarantee results you don't pay for it on top of that that youtube mastermind that i mentioned below you can check that out below if you want to see all the results and see if you're a good fit has a 90-day guarantee if you don't see the results like the crazy ones you see that page people doubling and tripling their business again you don't pay for it that being said guys this is the chat that being said guys this is the video be sure to subscribe to this channel because i release about three of these videos a week with uh basically i think the best ad content it's on y'all of youtube i don't think anybody making videos has more ad experience than i do are the insights i do so subscribe and i'll see you whenever i see you next [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: ULTIMATE Facebook Video Ad BLUEPRINT
VIDEO ID: VwPznbPTp7Y
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwPznbPTp7Y
================================================================================

most people are terrible at facebook video ads they just are it's not an insult it's not a dig it's just not these aren't going to convert guys what i'm going to show in this video is exactly what will make your videos convert much higher this is in terms of clicks but this is also in terms of people landing on the page in a much more likely to buy state okay if you understand how to start videos with the same the middle videos the proper length and how the format the colors the text all these little things that are actually really important on where the eye lands in the video you're going to get such better results from your ads okay so why am i telling you this well straight up i'm the ceo of hiros it's the fastest growing ad attribution company in the world because um we basically guarantee results people consistently at least see a 15 20 increase in their ad roi from our a optimization and print tracking or they don't pay but what that gives me is a little special insight on how our industry works and evolves and i'll never share anyone's data i will show you the trends in industry and what i've learned from growing two businesses to eight figures almost exclusively from ads so that being said let's hop in the value because i'm going to show you exactly how to make your videos convert so much higher if you just do this it's simple it's easy and it could actually go and increase your business significantly because if you get more clicks at a cheaper cost that's going to give you cheaper conversions and more of them that can be a big result if you get like a 20 50 more increase from that and it's quite simple to do if you just listen to this let's get into it okay guys so like always i'm just going to get into this i'm really going to be comparing ads that i just don't think are optimal to my ads that have performed very optimally okay again i'm not taking digs at these businesses i'm not here to i'm not here to smack them or anything like that i just from my experience seeing tons of ads working at hiros these aren't optimal so let's just get started with the most important thing when it comes to video ads judging your video ads performance what most people get lost in is they look at the cost per view and the cost per click this is pretty irrelevant are these things relevant in the in a micro scale yes but the only thing that really matters is your cost per acquisition and then overall your revenue you have to understand that i could get an amazingly low cost per view on my video ads if i just put a cat on it and just rambled and made the cat do cute things i could go and get very low cost per clicks if i say click here and you'll get free things this doesn't mean the ads can perform well you need to understand that your goal with that is to attract your target customer and if you're really attracting your target customer sometimes your cost per viewing cost per click will be expensive what is important is that you attract people and put them in a state of mind to perform well on your landing page that is going to be reflected in your cost per acquisition whether it's cost per call cost per lead or short-term cost per sale that's super important to understand because if you send the wrong people to the page cheaply you're going to have a very high cost per acquisition so what i'm going to tell you straight up is a lot of people are going to disagree with us i don't care don't pay attention to your cost per click or cost per view it's irrelevant what you need to be paying to is cost per acquisition and more so cost or total revenue back in okay which is again why you should be using hiros because you can see facebook is missing calls all the time right here i would not have the right it's over reporting and some of them under reporting and it's not catching my call conversion so i can see calls that converted a week after to click and actually get my true roi this is what i judge my ads by and the reason for that is because if you were attracting the wrong people you're not going to get the actual results that matter okay and you can spend all day optimizing your cost per viewing cost per click this right here gets the right person to my page and then i'm able to look at the revenue numbers and actually judge it as a good ad by the cost per call and the revenue generated okay so again do those things now here's the most important thing with video ads there needs to be something to entice the person to watch them i this this is so straightforward we look at this ad right here design pickle it starts the video off the thumbnails i'm sitting around with garyvee and you really can't even recognize garyvee if we're scrolling through this ad right here like this we're not gonna recognize garyvee and frankly that's irrelevant because i'm not gonna buy something because they're sitting down with garyvee this doesn't tell me what the proc does for me doesn't tell me why i should be interested look at this ad right here the most important thing first off is i'm using all the tactics from the last video to draw the eye in on the purple stick people want to know what's on this stick they go what's on the stick that's that's exactly why i'm doing this create a question that gets a person to look at that present the benefit of watching the ad our tracking ai will scale your ads or you don't pay let's talk about this headline real quick ai is a buzzword that gets people interested they make something it's something new cutting edge that they're missing out on something we'll scale your ads you don't pay a person that run ads is gonna go wait buzzword guaranteed results explain lower ion buzzword slash interesting context subject guaranteed result that they're super interested in this lures people in like that okay so we go and look at a lot of these ads right here we can look at like i'm not i'm not here to pick on wiki reports we do enough of that at high rows but if we look at wicker reports right here you start the video you don't know what are we what are we watching right here why what what is the benefit to watching this video behind the scenes with clickfunnels and it's it's already it's a tiny text right here what's the benefit click funnels trust wiki reports what what is the benefit to a person running ads i don't even know this is a company that tracks ads we just see a guy sitting here talking so all right whatever uh we go down and actually look at some other ads right here let's go look at some i i believe i saw a good one right here okay so video starts off it's muted of course we don't where is the thing that hooks the viewer in tells them the benefit they're watching okay ppp performance framework not for beginners this doesn't tell me the benefit if you look at this ad right here our tracking ai hooks you in buzzword blue stick guaranteed result hooks them in like that now another thing you're not going to see on ads like for example we saw like the wiki reports ad they don't have they didn't have subtitles people you literally can't get people to click your ads so what makes you think they're actually going here and turn on the sound while they're on their phone like you see someone in an airport being like just skimming through facebook and being like oh yeah you know what i want to hear right now a bunch of noise no they don't do that that's why you need to use something like veed not the facebook caption manager because it doesn't always show up to just slap the subtitles and really big well-positioned clean text that people can read because people most of the time aren't going to turn on sound on your ad okay so that's the next thing now first five seconds if you run ads this ai tracking script will scale your ads at least 20 further and get you customers as much as 52 cheaper i guarantee it what's what's the benefit i'm offering what is this ad about what are people going to get and what is the big gain they're going to achieve if they click this ad it's all explained in the first if you're a person that runs ads and cares about making more money this video has your attention at this point at this point all i'm doing in this video ad is that first eight seconds focus on who is your target customer what are they most interested in and how can you make it extremely enticing to continue to watch the video the way i do it in this one i say this stuff is going to get you this result this result in a new cutting-edge way i guarantee it it's like whoa all right this is new and cutting edge and he guarantees that house is going to go down a lot of people start their ads with rambling or they're walking around their house get to the point and tell people what they're going to gain okay what they're going to see so for example when i was doing an info ad info ads in the past i said the next 45 seconds i'm going to show you how we made 45 000 selling this wolf mug okay for my youtube mastermind ads okay that i'll run i'm gonna say this ad right here this powerpoint presentation did two million dollars in sales i'm going to show you exactly the ad targeting that i used on youtube what's the person getting in the first five seconds there you go that hooks them they want to see the rest of it so at this point right here i just follow a really simple pattern that's really covered in our youtube uh ad script is also on this channel as well and i want to really express one thing to you guys this first five seconds and the things we just covered is 90 of the battle all right most people are not going to watch past the first 10 seconds now now that we're into the first 10 seconds customers as much as 52 cheaper i guarantee it no literally guarantee this is called hyrus and if it doesn't get you those results you don't pay for it and that's why so that there's a huge hook right here so the the thing i like to do is i like to present a huge hook and explain the benefit behind it okay especially on facebook where we only have about 60 seconds we don't need a five-minute ad on facebook you want a 60-second ad okay then what i do is i back it up i back up the big crazy challenge so i make a big challenge statement then i back it up big brands like clickfunnels.com tombylow's impact theory dot com ingrazios and tonyrom's mastermind dot com six seven eight and nine figure ecommerce brands like ladyboss.com those and ads leaders you get it so i back it up and this way the way in this video i back it up is i just show the brands that are using hyrus in my info ads i show the results of our customers and people talking about it and then mentioning the product all right all right show our results on there so i back it up with proof like dan henry and even one of the highest revenue click funnels funnels of all time alex marsey's gymlodge.com they all use this too and so do hundreds of other businesses and frankly if you're not using it too you're at a massive disadvantage because frankly you're paying way too much to get a customer then after i back it up i induce fear and fomo you can see i did exactly right there this thing does incredible things here's proof that it does here's proof here's the fact the the sad truth that you're missing out who all right this thing is amazing everybody else is using it you're not using it that gets people hooked in there okay and then when i do at the end of this at the end of every video it's very simple very simple close i don't have time to explain it all here i will break down everything in extreme detail and give you every aspect of how it works if you click this ad same thing with info ads look i just showed you that this concept right here is making people a ton of money here's a ton of money people that made a ton of money doing it look they're all making money and you're missing on this thing that is just sitting right here it's a huge opportunity i can't explain it all in a 60-second video of course so click this ad and i'll show you exactly how it works we'll give you a template on how to do it we'll give you the scripts we'll give the yada yada so we wrap it up with a call to action to get something laid out extremely easy whatever because when you use print tracking plus ai optimization you pay much less you can scale much further you get customers cheaper you can bid more competitively and if you click this ad i'll explain in extreme detail how it all works and we will even set this up for you and we will also guarantee the results i've talked about that's it that's how simple a facebook ad can be you can see how easy it is hook them back it up create fomo call to action people don't watch five minute facebook i've never watched a video on facebook have you have you i don't i mean if i'm watching videos i'm on youtube i don't i don't ever sit around and watch videos on facebook like ever because the way facebook is set up is so unoptimal for watching videos it's meant to keep you scrolling they don't want you watching videos the more you scroll the more ads you see so it's not set to get you watching a video youtube wants you to watch videos because the more videos you watch the more ads you see it wants you to skip from video to video to video facebook wants you to scroll okay it wants you to spend as little time as possible on there so the site isn't designed to get you to watch videos so what do you do keep the video short hit hard use those subtitles make sure to hook the person with a with an appropriate headline in the video itself this is your biggest headline space in the entire ad use it use it do not have an ad that just says nothing do not start your ads off in a vague way okay and for the love of holy monkey holy moliness make it abundantly clear who you're at is for what the benefit is and abundantly clear what they're going to get for watching the ad okay like almost every ad we've skimmed through you like what is this what does this ad actually do make your ads stand what are we getting right here hey let's keep going through these ads right here okay i love magics strong roi and free to try this is much better okay uh magix is one of the people we actually kind of partner with with our integrations so look they're literally going for this is a great ad this is a great ad actually you know um i was worried i was gonna have to poop on magics for a second here's another one right old way to plan marketing from a new this doesn't this doesn't if someone builds funnels what does the old way versus the new way have to do with them [Music] what is the benefit of what we're seeing right here how's this so this stuff right here guys is just really chronic when it comes to facebook if you don't do this the right way you're going to be looking at weird metrics like cost per view and cost per click and you're not going to be getting the most important thing which is the cost per acquisition for sale at the levels you want to be so this has worked abundantly well for me it's so simple it makes it easy to make ads very quickly high level produce and i think you should use it so that being said guys if you're interested in increasing use if you're not tracking your revenue and your inspiration accurately you're not spending your money that's simple that if you want to help scaling your hands my headmaster has more results literally guaranteed if you don't see and i'll see you in the next video you

================================================================================
TITLE: NEW!!! #1 FACEBOOK AD METRIC [JUST BLEW UP MY GAINS]
VIDEO ID: U2-gK4xvTKQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2-gK4xvTKQ
================================================================================

you're about to see the one metric to rule them all in fact if you just alter this metric in your facebook ad account and ignore everything else you are going to see plummeting ad costs and much much higher rois on your ads no hyperbole this works nearly every single time i do it any person i show it to it works for them as well and this right here is perfect for you if you look at your ad accounts and you see all the stats like cpc and cpm and bpm and rpg as well as dps you got to have high dps in your your facebook accounts okay that way you can get sweet loot by killing the raid bosses the nerds got that joke anyways you probably look at all the stats in your ad managers and you're like whoa cpc went up or a cpm went up and i don't know what's going on and everything skyrocketed or went this way this this is the fix to all of that and will allow you to get your cpc cpm everything at dirt cheap levels and it will just be easy for you to do so instead of talking this up anymore let me just show you and by the way hit the like button hit the notification bell and subscribe i release these videos every monday wednesday and friday and on this ad channel unlike other ad channels i don't teach you one fourth of what i do and then sell you a course i have no course to sell you i want you to grow your business and make more money so that you buy hiros my ad tracking company do make you more money and the best way for me to get you to buy hiros so you can make more money with hiros is simply just give you everything i know because then you'll buy highers and even upgrade your account because you're making so much more money from the attackers i give you like this one right here okay guys let's just get going and i guarantee again if you apply what i'm going to show you in this video you're going to see such better metrics and get all the things you're looking to achieve cheaper clicks cheaper cpms dramatically reduce your ad costs this works nearly every single time and that's not me being hyperbolic when i help people in my mastermind do this and they stop thinking like i'm about to show you it nearly always works so let me show you what i'm talking about right here what i'm looking at right here is usually the number one sign that a media buyer is about to get really really lost don't get me wrong this is actually a spreadsheet that i'm pretty sure this media buyer captured from one of my friends sam evans now sam evans and his team are like literal data scientists so this stuff can actually work for them i never use it but i i know it's helped him the thing is what most people do when they're buying facebook ads is for example sam's business which uses this is like a 20 million dollar per year business people that are making a hundred thousand two hundred thousand less than a million dollars a year even less than five million dollars per year they'll go in and they'll start adopting this type of data scientist strategy and what happens is they end up trying to control all these little metrics right here and i want to tell you something about these metrics you can't control any of them directly your cpc is controlled by facebook your your ad spend your impressions your cpm these are all these are all indicators of something else that is you can't actually control for example if you want to control the speed you're going on your car you don't look at the mile per hour you don't look at the rpms you don't look at the battery you just look at your gas pedal and you press down and the thing you need to focus on if you want to make the car go faster is not the readings aka the mile per hour the rpms etc you want to actually focus on how hard you're pressing down on the gas pedal i know that doesn't make much sense so let me explain this if you look at my ads i've clearly identified the gas pedal and that is going to be my cpl my cost per call and my roi if you go and look at my ad accounts the only columns i really ever have showing are these things i will occasionally look at these stats that i'm mentioning right here when something has gone terribly wrong but these stats still don't help i usually use this to look for glitches or something that's broken okay for example if my cpc skyrockets or something like that i i haven't literally looked at these things though in years so again i don't even want to use that example but why alex why do you only look at these things shouldn't you be looking at all these things and trying to micro bid and optimize here's what you need to understand let's just look at a simple metric like cpl now you have to break down what actually leads to your key metrics and then what actually controls things like cpa cpc and cpm there's all sorts of other crazy stats that people look at i'm just going to focus on those two because they're just the easiest to explain okay and if you're new cpc is cost per click cpm is the cost for how many 1 000 impressions you're getting so if facebook shows your ad to a thousand people and you pay 21 dollars for that that's your cpm but you have to understand cpl is a reflection of metrics that are then also reflections of your cpc and cpm so cpl is the top level metric and by focusing on that the thing that controls your cpl is actually going to be your ad click-through rate your ad engagement and going to be your opt-in rate at that point all right there's many other ones out there but for example your ad click-through rate is going to be controlled and your ad engagement is going to be controlled by two things actually one thing how engaging your damn ad is okay and these two things are first off how many people watch your ad and how many people click your ad you're probably thinking no duh obviously alex but what you need to understand right here is that if you want to get a low cpl what we're going to focus on instead is not going and altering the ad click-through rate and the engagement we're going to focus on lowering the cpl by focusing on the thing that controls all this the ad itself okay we don't ever i don't ever look at these metrics right here what i'm gonna look at is i'm gonna go upload an ad and i'm gonna look at which one gets the lowest cpl uh across the same opt-in page now follow along with me right here if the cpl is lower automatically that means the ad click-through rate and ad engagement are better every single time because i know that in the sub of this an ad that has a high ad click-through rate and a high ad engagement also has a lower cpc and thus because of the engagement has a lower cpm but again i'm not looking at these right here i'm going to only look at the cpl because again the cpl is a symptom of these things and these things are a symptom of these things and so what you can do is you can cut out all of these charts right here you can cut out all this excessive data that's going to confuse you and lead you to an action you can just focus on one metric the cpl because as you focus on the cpl let's imagine we haven't optimized the opt-in page or our sales page uh or the shopify e-com landing page the landing on or the call funnel okay let's imagine we haven't optimized that yet your cpl is naturally going to tell you the ad that has the best ad click-through rate and the best engagement and thus the best cpc and cpm and by focusing only on cpl you're moving all these things in the direction you want to anyways so instead of that i'm going to upload five ads and i'm just going to look purely at the cpl don't move the cpl i can guarantee you 99 is going to have the best metrics that's it and so then what i'm going to do to reduce cpl is focus on the overall thing which is the ad itself and the ad itself is actually controlled by how many people watch it and how it speaks to them and so i'm going to focus on the ad message not the metrics at all i'm going to focus on what message i see so if i have five ads and they all five say something a little bit different i'm gonna look at the one that gets the best cpl thus gets the best of these things i'm not gonna repeat them anymore and then what i'm gonna say is oh that message is what people respond to and then i'm gonna make five more ads around that message and then see which one of those ones people respond to the most and say oh okay this message out of the five out of this message gets the most powerful response and that's how i'm gonna go out there so instead of actually even focusing on the cpl i focus on the add message and this is how you drive all these to the floor then what i'm going to do is i'm going to go and apply this add message to the opt-in and then try five or six different opt-ins that have a different version of this message right here and so then i'm gonna get the opt-in right so let's imagine right here we started off with a cpl of let's say 15 okay and this 15 cpl is actually your ad click-through rate engagement all these things right here contributing to this so what i'm going to do first is i'm going to focus on the add messages and get this cpl down to let's say nine dollars by focusing only on the ad message not the opt-in page yet if the opt-in page let's imagine it has a 10 opt-in rate right here all right a 10 conversion rate 10 something okay whatever we're trying to do get calls or whatnot so i'm going to use purely my ad messaging and using the cpl to tell me which ad is the best message ignoring these other stats so once i get this down to nine dollars or i'm gonna say all right that looks really good now what i'm going to do is i'm going to try and get this opt-in up to 30 or 40 percent or increase my conversion rates on the page by uh three to four x which is very very very doable on your first version of anything your first version is usually going to have so much room to be optimized to again just look at the cpl and i'm going to try and get this cpl down to three dollars by purely focusing on the opt-in and that right there is going to in turn make my business significantly more profitable if i take my cpl from fifteen dollars or my cost per any acquisition i'm looking for from fifteen dollars to three dollars my business just 5xed in profitability ish all right and i'm off if i'm off a little bit there just because i don't do math in these videos that's not my strong suit getting ad messages is this right here is by far the best way to improve your ads versus this excessive over analyzation this is something that your mind can understand right here i can easily focus on cpl and i can easily focus on the message of the ad i can control that and think about it super clearly i cannot look at this chart and make clear simple decisions and this is what most media buyers do they they come to this and they try to they try to do it like the stock market okay we look at all these metrics and whatnot uh all the billion things that are going on try to make a call but the thing is the stock market is not under your control the cryptocurrency market is not under your control so you need to sometimes do all this over analyzation okay in theory i guess your ads are literally under your control so you don't need to do this you can literally just go in and focus on one key metric now the last thing i want to focus on is i always like to look at the upfront metrics so that's going to be your cost per call cost per uh lead cost per call is cpc that i'm referring to right here or cop cpa so cost per sale or something if you're doing ecom okay but these aren't always the best thing to look at especially cost per call and cost per lead because the main thing is actually roi we want to get these things as low as possible to tell us to to basically control the add metrics so these things right here are going to control all these metrics that we're looking at right here okay they're going to be symptoms of all these metrics at least the roi at the end of the day though is the number one most important thing and i want to show you this by looking at the stats right here from just hiros and google ads okay you can see right here the cost per call on these right here is actually really good this one is great 49 cost per call i can come in verify look at the stats and hire see exactly who's booking calls and who's coming in so the cost of a call is looking amazing on both of these actually 200 cost per call is amazing but you can see if i optimize for cost per call this is a weird instance right here where the cost recall also lines up with the profit but you can see that these calls right here didn't generate me a profit these ones did this is actually tracking that's impossible to do in google ads because these are being closed over the phone and i'm tracking this with hiros again i hate to show highrose in these videos actually i don't it will just improve your business immensely and the point of these videos is to help your business so much that you're eventually going to be like hmm i'd like to improve it more with hiros we literally guarantee you'll get these results and be able to grow your ads you don't pay for it so i have no problem showing it to you because frankly it just works but tying into this lesson right here if you are optimizing just around cpl or cpc and not around profits what happens all the time is people look at everything except their profits and then what they do is they go and scale up ads they're actually unprofitable in roi terms but they look amazing in cpl and cpc this is chronic so don't do that as well this is a lesson for today guys to wrap it all up what you want to do is you want to understand that your cpl or your main metrics are symptoms of all these other metrics but if you focus on the symptom it's not like the doctor's office right here which is usually going to then be controlled by your ad messaging and then your landing page we want to focus on the messaging first because the landing page can artificially drive this up and down focus on the messaging first because that will then control this and this will just control every other stat okay or will we be a reflection of every other stat and if we just keep our minds simple focus on the ad message to lower cpl this will lower everything else and then once we've lowered cpl enough without focusing on the landing page or funnel then we focus on the landing page and funnel to lower it even more to get our ads to massive profitability this is the best way to do this and my iron mastermind whenever students stop doing this okay and again i'm not hating on this for example my friend sam evans i massive respect for him he's a genius i have not seen this work for many of people it might work for people in his mastermind or whatnot i usually see people get way better results in my mastermind by doing this okay so it depends on who you are and maybe what you want to look at but nine out of 10 times simplifying everything to a point where your mind can easily get it is going to deliver better results for you speaking of which check out the links in the description right here you could book a call with me you can literally see the results i've gotten six seven and eight figure results by moving their business to youtube and improving their facebook ads you can go check that out book a call with me i'll tell you exactly how to do it for your business as well you could even join the mastermind if you're a good fit that being said in these videos this is the lesson for today i share everything i know in these videos because frankly i want you to grow your business to the point where you need highrose so i don't hold anything back i don't have anything subtle to sell you here and that's why you should subscribe because i release videos like this every monday wednesday and friday and you'll see them when they go live and it'll be super cool because again this is the only channel where i'm just gonna tell you everything i do instead of telling you like three fourths of what i do or one-fifth of what i do and then selling you a course i don't have a course to sell you i just want your business to grow so you buy hyrus so subscribe and i'll see in the next video [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: HANDS DOWN!! THE BEST AD TRAFFIC SOURCE OF 2021 [I Can't Believe It]
VIDEO ID: XjJvuEEM7fA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjJvuEEM7fA
================================================================================

this is by far going to be the best traffic source for you in 2021 hands down everybody who does what i'm gonna tell you in this video makes significantly more money i'm not exaggerating this is not hyperbole i i could literally show you hundreds of testimonials of people doing this and making significantly more money from this traffic source if you understand what i'm going to show you in this video and you apply this to your ads i this is how i've generated multiple eight figures in sales at my info business this is how i've scaled iros to being the fastest growing ad tracking company in the world right now if you just use this traffic source and this type of mindset towards this traffic source you're gonna kill it now let's back up okay you're like whoa tai lopez calm down with those income claims okay i know everybody all the time is like this is the best traffic source that's ever just oh i get it i get it but what i'm gonna show you in this video is back by data it's backed by results and i've tested this multiple multiple multiple multiple times and it just consistently works and i have absolutely no incentive to show you this other than the fact that i need you to make more money from your ads because if you make more money from your ads you're going to pick up hi-ros because ad tracking is absolutely essential especially after the ios updates so unlike everybody else who tells you this is the best traffic source ever i actually am going to show you the best traffic source ever so that you will make more money and then you can actually run in the tracking issues and then buy my product and the only way you're going to do that is if i actually give you the best traffic source and you're able to go and get the results i just got done talking about so instead of hyping this up and talking anymore and showing you cool little like thumb is how do you i got your nose tricks impress you i'm just gonna get right into it let's go okay guys so what i want you to understand in this video is this is how you find the absolute best traffic source this is how you define what's going to be the best traffic source for you in 2021 and then in this video i'll actually tell you what i believe is the best traffic source but you need to understand this first if you understand this you are going to make an absolute killing every person i know that does this makes an absolute killing i have made an absolute killing doing this here's what you need to understand so when you're working on an ad source what you need to understand is the way that you actually make a killing with an ad source is through feedback loops okay and so in order to set up a proper funnel a proper ad campaign what do you need to do well you're going to need to make let's just say for the hi-ros funnel okay i'm going to need to make an opt-in page i'm going to need to make a sales video page and then i'm going to have to have all the call booking and whatnot where the people go on the phone and close the more important thing going on here is going to be the ad the opt-in and the sales video and depending on the traffic source people can behave super differently so for example when i was running hcom which was an info offer i scaled up on youtube to eight figures actually multiple eight figures in sales uh gross the people who came from youtube behaved super differently than people that came from facebook now there's all sorts of theories on why that might be for example a person on facebook is scrolling on their app while they're in line at the grocery store a person on youtube is sitting down and watching something so they're much more inclined to watch a sales video or a webinar presentation but just knowing that know that traffic sources people are going to behave differently because they're using them at different times and for different reasons and they're in different states so when you're writing an ad for facebook or youtube or any other traffic source tick tock doesn't matter you're making an opt-in you're making a sales video the way people behave when they go through these steps of the funnel we can really get rid of the call booking and close that's not entirely important the way people behave when they go through these steps of the funnel is extremely difficult different so you also have to understand that making an ad making an opt-in and making a sales video based on a traffic source is extremely time consuming you can't just make a one-size-fits-all i can't just go i've literally not been able to do this uh outside of highrose highrish just works everywhere because it's just an extremely profitable funnel but i've never been able to do this on facebook and then youtube and then any other so here's what you have to understand next setting up this kind of system right here is extremely time consuming just on its own okay this is this is a lot of work creating three or four ads an opt-in and a sales video for each traffic source there's a lot of work and yes you can cookie cutter clone it back and forth but here's where it gets super complicated and so let's imagine we're doing this on facebook right here then we have an ad and then we have an opt-in and then we have the funnel itself which would be sales videos and whatnot so here's where you get absolutely hosed if you don't understand this the way you make an ad funnel work is for example my highros ads uh for my my software company didn't work at all last year okay the first ones that came up didn't work second ones that came up didn't work but now they generate almost 10x rois how does this happen how does this happen i'm going to be straight up with you a lot of it's word of mouth because hyrus just literally makes people's ad accounts generate 20 to 30 more money like that like clockwork every single time once word gets out about that people start buying it a little bit more and that's that's guaranteed by a 90 day refund guarantee that's not me just throwing something out there if it doesn't do that you don't pay for it so poke a call below anyways the way it got better is i kept looking at the responses to the ads the opt-in and the funnel and through that what happened is feedback loops and what a feedback loop is is imagine you're writing code for example or you're playing guitar either one but if you're writing code and then you run the code for example i code video games very badly all the time but when i'm writing code the reason why i really like the writing code is you instantly get feedback on the code so for example if there's a bug in the code when i go to run it it says there's a bug okay so i instantly know if something's broken in my code but more so if i run the code in a video game i'm going to be testing certain things when i'm writing the code and i'm gonna see something weird happen in the game all right outside the code crashing i'm gonna see like my character uh start dancing across the screen like a maniac because the ragdoll physics is thrown off or something like that i'm gonna go oh something's wrong and so my first code doesn't work my second code doesn't work my usually like 15th attempt at code because i'm terrible doesn't work but the 16th is perfect it gets there it's nice and crispy and it works and you can see how i got there wasn't by getting the code right the first time it was by the rapid feedback loops and constantly improving based on the feedback okay so the same thing is going on with ads but on a much slower scale your feedback loop is usually like one to three days instead of where it's coded it's every 30 seconds that's why you can rapidly improve code but it's hard to rapidly improve an ad because you have to look at a lot of variables so let's say the ad is getting low engagement the opt-in is getting five percent opt-ins and the funnel is getting one percent call conversions in this instance right here okay well i can go and look at all these data points right here and go okay cool we're gonna we're gonna improve the messaging of the ad we're gonna improve the opt-in we're gonna improve the funnel okay and so when we get that then we get the opt-in to 12 opt-in rates that doesn't look like a 12. uh we get the ad to medium engagement so this the cost of clicks and cpm goes down we get the funnel to two percent okay there's there's one feedback loop cycle right there okay and that's usually about like a two week thing and proving it like this okay then we do it again and we do it again and we do it again and just like lines of code we look at what happens and then we react we look at what happens and we react and over the span of six months what happens is this ad goes from low engagement to high as i figure out exactly what customers are looking for and what they're responding to so for example if you look at the first ads for hiros they're very different in the ads right now and that's because i looked at the feedback the customers were giving me okay i looked at what people were clicking and i looked at what ad and media buyers were clicking also in relation to my cpl or opt-in okay and so my opt-in went from you know five seven percent to 40 percent in some cases usually around 30 percent and then my funnel uh conversion rate went from one two percent to five percent to just so high now that i don't even really check it anymore it just works like at a 10x roi i'm i'm fine man this is this optimations this optimization is fine to start scaling with but this happened by me going through these feedback loops where are you going these feed draw don't drag these feedback loops over and over and over again in each feedback loop every result from a feedback loop would at least take about a week now here's what you need to understand about all this you're probably thinking alex what does this have to do with finding the best traffic source here's what it is if i was doing this on youtube if i was doing this on linkedin if i was doing this on tiktok if i was doing this on snapchat the amount of work required just to do this on one traffic source is already 40 50 hours a week if i throw on youtube now i'm at 100 hours a week i throw in linkedin i'm at 150 hours a week so on and so forth unless i start half-assing each traffic source i start going and only investing 20 of the time that's actually needed to actually perform these feedback loops but then what happens is you have these feedback loops that are extremely slow and not optimized at the rate they need to be at instead of taking one ad source to like this instantly with really rapid feedback loops with a ton of attention and time put into them all your traffic sources are going to go like this and this is a really bad example really bad drawing but this right here is probably going to generate five times more than all this right here slowly going up all right look it's for example if you invest in cryptocurrency right now if you invest in 15 different cryptocurrencies and you spread out your investment across all of them this is a weird example even if one skyrockets you're not really going to see that high of an roi whereas if you just focus on one cryptocurrency and you really nail it which again cryptocurrencies are outside of your control let's imagine the cryptocurrencies are inside your control in this example and you really nail it and that one gets a 15xry it's going to make it's going to make more money than having it split across 15 currencies you have to understand this about ads but the thing is unlike cryptocurrencies your effort and time invested controls the accelerated returns right here and you only have so much time to invest it's not like cryptocurrency where you have unlimited money you can make and invest you only got like really 50 hours of concentrated focus smart work you could you could do 70 but after about 40 hours i'm an idiot anyways so that being said if you have a hundred thousand dollars to invest in ads and you want to turn it into two million dollars okay maybe all right let's let's let's take down the numbers alex come on we want to turn into 500 000 our best way is to get into an ad source that's going to give us a huge return and just put it all in that ad source diversifying isn't really helpful in this case because you have to understand unless you're a giant brand that's making hundreds of millions of dollars per year there is more than enough traffic on facebook or youtube or linkedin or tick tock or snapchat to make you 10 to 20 million dollars per year easily there i have i've done it i know multiple people that have done it there is more than enough traffic source on just what there's more than enough traffic and buyers on one traffic source to get you to a income that is nearing tom brady's income if that's what you're looking for right here or at least taking your company to be worth one tom brady how much is a company worth a tom brady sir it's laughable but it's true so what's going to be the best traffic source for you in 2021 well it's quite obvious it's going to be the traffic source that you dedicate all your time to what you shouldn't be doing in 2021 is trying to run on facebook and youtube and tic tac and snap talk and snapchat and whatever club whatever the hell you're doing right here your best way to do it is just to pick one you can experiment with all of them and see the one that works out easiest for you and then just go all in because the thing that actually controls your roi on ad platforms isn't the traffic source it's the feedback loops and improving and optimizing around the if you only optimize if you have 50 hours and you spend 10 hours on each traffic source each one's going to get 20 optimization you're going to see that the way traffic sources work is it's exponential returns on your feedback loops so if you're only putting 20 percent in each one is kind of kind of like bobble and go like this bobble and go like this whereas if you put 100 in it works on an exponential curve so you're going to get farther down the curve and eventually the way traffic sources work is like this okay it's not going to go backwards but you're getting the point and this is when you master the feedback loop of one traffic source in one funnel so to wrap it up if you really want to kill it in ads what you want to do instead is find the traffic source that gives you the the base easiest returns so for example if i started running ads on youtube and facebook and if one of them gave me like a 1.5 x roi and the other ones gave me one x i would just go all in on 1.5 x roi and ignore the other ones until i have so much traffic that doesn't even make sense this is exactly what i did with hcom uh when i scaled it to 20 million dollars in sales facebook was always all over the place and working with their terms of service and everything was always just it was always just kind of like ah so i just said no i'm not gonna run facebook ads and i'm only gonna do youtube ads and the result was all right first off i got the little minimal bounce right here but then what happened is i went deeper and deeper into it okay and i scaled a business past amounts that i couldn't even imagine and i only used one traffic source if i'd used both traffic sources i would have gotten this i would have gone the [Music] like that i would have gotten i wouldn't have scaled it very far and that's the key to buying traffic it doesn't matter where you buy traffic from unless you're buying twitter ads that's that's that never works for anything okay uh ever but if you're buying any other traffic source i i know some in the comments because i need a million dollars on twitter ads you're not an addict okay cool man all right so that being said the way you're going to get the best return is by not diversifying your track traffic this is not a stock portfolio where the the the returns are out of your control so it's better to just spread it all out your returns are a hundred percent under your control and the time and effort invested into them and the returns are always going to be exponential okay if you put a hundred percent in something you're going to see vastly better returns on it than if you put 20 in something because you have to get farther down the curve the more time you put in the farther down the curve you get that's the best way i can explain it so in 2021 stop diversifying and stop trying to be a jack of all trades it doesn't work okay for example facebook works really really really well for me at hi-ros okay now we're actually seeing better results at google ads after all the updates and whatnot however for the first six to seven months i focus almost exclusively on that being said for hcom my info product youtube worked insanely better right off the bat so i only focused on youtube both companies have got an insane rois on their ad spend and it's not by me being a jack of all trades or an all-around ad expert it's by me analyzing what f what platform worked best off the get-go and then going all in on that platform okay so that's the lesson for today just a quick little summary to give you exactly what you actually came here for because i know i kind of tricked you if you're doing info marketing especially to the masses youtube works a lot better if you're doing b2b facebook works a lot better off the bat if you're doing ecom it depends on the econ proctor doing if you're doing like shirts or devices or something that falls outside of the health or wellness niche if you're doing something that falls outside of the skincare or appearance niche basically the big niches out there weight loss whatever then you're probably gonna do better on facebook if you're in those niches though that i just discussed you're gonna do better on youtube because those are mass market niches where you can easily just peg right into the person okay i would also just i would think about i would think about youtube in the future if you're an econ because it's crazy that also being said b2b again better on facebook uh b2c especially better on youtube all right especially if you're doing like a high-end info offer or something like that so for example if you're selling like info products like nine university freaking killed it on youtube uh with a call funnel okay but that's not b2b that's b2c like business is civilian person that's new to something b2b would be like highrose running to media buyers and business owners okay that's what you should look for now that being said two things if you're running any funnel tracking is the most important thing go check out hiros because if you are not seeing 20 to 30 percent of your ad data you're going to make the decision when it comes to scaling and turning off ads wrong 20 to 30 of the time that's going to lead to you making double whammied losses by killing ads that are working and keeping ads on that are not working if you're spending a hundred thousand dollars per year that's an extra thirty to fifty thousand dollars you're just losing just because go check out hyrus we have a 90 day guarantee that we will fix that and actually make you that extra income or you don't pay on top of that if you're interested in seeing how to scale your ads on youtube or even facebook book a call with me below the amount of businesses you can click on the page below that i've helped get to six seven and on youtube just alone on youtube is insane i have more results than any other youtube coach in the entire industry you should check it out at least because it consistently at least does good things or just like with highrose you don't pay all right i have 90 day refund guarantees on all my stuff because it works and if it doesn't work i don't want your money so that being now go subscribe because i release videos like this three times a week because is that how you spell subscribe i want you to make more money i don't hold anything back because i want you to make more money so you eventually buy high roast because everybody needs it for tracking so if i just help you make more money you're eventually just going to buy hybris so i'm just going to tell you everything i know how i've made tens of millions of dollars in gross revenue from go i generate tens of millions of dollars in revenue from youtube and facebook ads and how i grow my businesses with ads i'll just tell you how i do it because i want you to make a lot of money and then buy hiros that's it i'll see in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: MY FB AD MEGA HACKS LIST! (I Got Paid 150k By Facebook)
VIDEO ID: bcYMwpL_gj8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcYMwpL_gj8
================================================================================

i guarantee the four hacks i show in this video are going to make you significantly more money from your ads without you changing anything that's a big bold statement actually one of these will actually get you paid to run ads i actually funded an entire year of amazon purchases just using this tactic on top of that one of these tactics is going to just make your ads be more efficient without you doing anything it's not even ai it's just going in and setting a little rule that'll make it so your ads don't spend money in a goofy way everything i'm going to show you in this video every little tiny hack is not going to require you to do anything different on your ad account and if you spend let's say a hundred thousand dollars per year this is easily going to save you about 10 to 15 000 a year and then probably make you like an extra three to five thousand dollars a year just running ads and you don't have to change anything so just pay attention unless you like spending extra money meaninglessly and if you'd like doing that you you here's my crypto wallet you should send bitcoin there not gonna do that okay well then i guess you're the person like saving money so let me show you this okay guys so usually in these videos what i do is give you some ad hacks you can use to buy ads and be more efficient it's usually all about just you know making more money from your ads what i'm going to show you in this video though will make you a lot more money from your ads regardless of anything you're doing in your ads like i talked about i'm going to show you four hacks that will if let's say you spend 15 000 a month on ads this year this is going to save you 50 grand i'm not even kidding and it's going to make you money when you buy ads so let's just get into it the first thing i'm going to tell you first and foremost that you really really should just do and this is such a basic thing that i didn't do for the longest time is go and get yourself an american express business gold card i actually use stripe cards for my ad accounts because they have really good rewards as well but i'm not kidding you whenever i was using my first ad accounts i'd usually use a debit card or a wire directly from a bank account and usually when you're using credit cards they get locked up all the time and so will knock your ad spent off it will knock you out of learning american express cards just i don't have any i don't have any relation in american express by the way they just literally never shut down they'll spend your money no matter what which is a good and a bad thing but i can't stress there's been months where i'm spending ten twenty five thousand dollars a day and you're making a good i don't have the exact numbers right here because i don't pay attention to tiny details you're making an extra ten thousand fifteen thousand a month just an extra credit card bonus points that you can then use to fly your staff around you can actually just use it to buy things on amazon so i was like ah cool so i have like ten thousand bucks to spend on amazon every single month for the business and whatnot so that's something you should just do right away now the second thing i'm going to show you is a really interesting hack you can use for adwords so what a lot of people do when they're going and buying ads is when they go and make changes in their account and this is just like a tiny account that they have they're going to go like this and make the changes like this and maybe like if if you're kind of smart what you're going to do is you're going to come in at three i get up at like 3 4 a.m so i just but normal people time 7 a.m and change your budgets because if you're changing your budgets in the middle of the day you're causing all sorts of havoc in your account but this is even the wrong way to do it because the way that most ad buying softwares work and this is unproven this is complete alex becker hearsay but the way they work is they look at your spend that you have set at the beginning of the day and then they kind of budget throughout the rest of the day okay so if you set your budget at the whenever the ad manager reloads to like 200 and this isn't exactly how it works i'm sure but this is just what i see and so this is my theory behind it what's gonna happen is it's gonna equally spread that out throughout the day whereas if you have your budget set to 20 and you increase it to 200 right here google not so much facebook is going to go haywire and try and spend this in the last few hours and just rip up your ad spend so how do you stop this okay we want to get our budget changes in right here so the easiest way to do this is actually just go to your campaigns you see the budgets right here and we're going to go and create an automated rule and what i'm going to do is i'm just going to have a rule fire we're going to go change budgets and we're going to increase the average daily budget and set a new budget and let's just say let's increase the budget by 15 20 now you can do this for only a few campaigns the ones you selected or just the entire camp account i usually do this for the campaigns that i see working well and i'm not going to go change the this right here gives me a nice clean budget change so it goes live literally the first minute of the day and i don't have to wake up early to change the budgets because again if you're changing budgets in the middle of the day everything i just said here is hearsay this is going to cause havoc you're going to see weird things happen in your account you'll see your cpl or targeting go haywire and you'll be like what happened and it's this now another thing that's going to help you scale a lot better that really has nothing to do with how you run your ads it's just a nice simple thing only increase your budgets by about 15 to 25 a day on these platforms again alex becker hearsay right here but whenever i go and increase it by a lot the algorithms seem to just go a little bit wonky or they just try to rush out the budget i really never increase more than 25 a day on facebook and that can be a really large increase if you're at a thousand bucks a day that's 250 bucks and you got an exponential increase right there so you go from you know 10 000 to 12.50 a day and scale really easily doing that so that's just a general tip that i also use as well next one that i constantly see on facebook is you need to go look at your campaigns and you need to make sure that you are 100 not doing this so if you go look at some of the campaigns i'm going to try and find a really good one where i've actually done this and it's stupid uh we go look at this campaign right here and you can look at the text on this ad okay it's a very funny ad if you haven't seen our comic book ads they're awesome it's a picture of a little raven and our big raven and there's all these little funky media buying birds throwing money down the toilet because they're not using hyrus to track their ads which surprise surprise i'm also probably going to tell you in this video if you don't want to waste money and you don't want to give just give your money to ad companies you should track correctly so you can turn off bad ads and scale good ads as effectively as possible across most accounts that i see over the span of year people are at least wasting 15 of their ad spend and killing at least 15 percent of their scale if you're spending a hundred thousand dollars a year it's and you're making 2x roi that's an extra i'm just going through it you're just you're throwing away like an extra 30 in profit just by not tracking ads correctly but i talk about it every video so i'm not going to talk about right here what i'm most going to tell you is check this out you can see how it looks right here but if i go look at the variation in the sidebar okay look at how this ad looks right right here all right so this is an ad that facebook is going to run for me and this makes no sense look at this headline it's very tiny and you can't even see the image and if i go and actually look at the sidebar ad which is going to be like right here this makes no sense okay you can see the headline right here actually makes a lot of sense because i've optimized the headlines for the sidebar but you can see this image right here isn't doing me any favors if you want to instantly make more money from your ads and save a lot of money don't do this this is this is the easiest way because facebook's not gonna get good conversions from the sidebar right here so it's not gonna like run this competitively with your order ads but it's gonna throw like five to ten percent a day ish on these sidebar ads that's an extra over the span of a year 100 000 an ad spend that's an extra 10k spent on ads that like literally aren't gonna work so you could go and use that to buy like a thousand chipotle burritos maybe okay those things are expensive these days but you can see this is just goofy don't do this check your image ads and what you should make sure of what i suggest you do is you want image ads where your face or something very clearly stands out so what i do on my image ads is i just put my face because people can recognize that thing from all my other ads and so they know what's going on there okay this right here unless you have the world's greatest vision is that a great image for an ad so here's another thing that people do that drives me up a wall and you can do this on facebook you can do this on adwords when you are scaling what people like to do is they like to act like their ads work like a toilet whereas if you start the flushing action that thing is getting flushed it's going to go all the way down and you cannot stop the flushing okay you've spent that water when you're scaling up campaigns especially when you make big new scales or when you are adjusting ads or heck when they you can really detect when your ads are going to have a bad day really early sometimes if there's like holidays or something going on if you're looking at your cpl and some really early stats for example if you have an opt-in page or you're running an e-commerce store you're going to quickly see if ads are not performing this is a little bit more hidden in the details for a call funnel or a longer funnel but you can see this stuff right away if you have an e-com or opt-in funnel and so this is just a general tidbit because i see people committing ad sepuku which is basically a fancy way of saying shooting themselves in the foot with their ads well they don't have to so for example if i'm like looking at my ads right here okay i can really quickly see if i'm going off opt-ins let's imagine this is an opt-in right here if i just scaled my ad and doubled it yesterday or increased by 25 i can really quickly see by like noon if if it's done something bad to my opt-in cpl because what you're going to see with ads and how ads work is as you increase the ad scale what is actually happening a lot of people think that you are targeting one huge audience and that's what's happening but what facebook does and what google does is if you're spending like 20 bucks a day it's gonna know who the best customers are and it's gonna focus on this tiny little demographic and then when you get to like 250 bucks a day you get to like this larger pool and then suddenly your cpl blows up or your your pool is going to be way too small which is what a lot of people do with micro targeting and so it just starts ricocheting all around and spending your budget way more so you can easily see like a three dollar cpl jump to 10 or when you get pushed into a broader market and your ad offer and messaging isn't congruent this is the number one reason why people's facebook ads on scale they work in this really tight niche targeting right here that facebook does for you subtly and then you get into that actual marketplace and you get destroyed this is why people don't scale on youtube they don't scale on facebook if you want help doing that you should book a call with me below because i can fix that like i have for like a zillion people look at all the six seven and eight figure results i have via the link below i'm booking a call like it's easy for me all right so look not to toot my horn but what happens is when people go right here you're gonna see very quickly oh crap my offer stinks you're gonna see it jump to like a 10 cpl like that and people think oh is it because algorithms optimizing or like santa claus came in and just decided to run christmas ads on the same day i increased my budget no it's because you jumped in this market and so i can easily detect this in adwords because i get up at like 4 am like i said by about six seven o'clock in the morning you know i'm gonna see a really ugly cpl and i'm gonna know something's up right there and i'm just gonna reduce the add back i'm not gonna turn the ad off i'm just gonna take it back to its last place where it worked and say okay what's going on here maybe i'll increase it a little bit slower or i'll slow down the ad spend for the day by decreasing it i see so many people they're going to go and increase their budget from 250 a day to 500 and then they check in at noon and like the cp has gone to 15 when it used to be three dollars hint this isn't good and they're like oh well we'll just let it run and so they they let the extra 250 dollars an ad spend run because that's how ads work right no this isn't like going to ruin your life if you do it once or twice but if you do this consistently like three times a month that's like again in this example right here seven or fifty bucks a month wasted you do that over the span of a year you busted out 10k what you really need to do when you're thinking about your ads is you must think about all your ads spent and all your budget over the span of a year because it's very easy to just yolo things and make like little tidbit mistakes that are like one two percent mistakes a few times a week by the end of the year for example when i was running hcom i guarantee these mistakes added up to like a hundred hundred fifty thousand dollars uh when i was spending a lot of money on ads don't do this okay don't do this on top of that over the span of a year again if you're spending 100k a year i guarantee 15k of that doesn't need to be spent and you are literally going to be turning off ads that work at least 15 of the time these are the low end things at least losing you another 15k in profit if you're getting like a 2x ry that's an extra 30k a year low end if you're on a low end ad buying budget where you're only spending 10k a month i mean look at this these are my results tracked in google you can see here's my call phone right google reported one call i had four google report zero i had two google reported one i had one right there nice job google and you can just see from this like really small ad account i would be literally turning off these ads and each call at this one business is worth 900 dollars to me so this ad right here the last just two days super simple super duper simple ad account generated me almost eighteen hundred dollars off of sixty dollars a day in ad spend and i would just look at this and i would turn it off you wouldn't have any idea how crazy this gets an actual ad account to where i'm spending a lot of money or in the e-commerce accounts where they're spending a lot of money or info accounts we're spending a lot of money okay i turn this guy off right here i just gave myself nearly a 30 000 per month the motion in cash so that number's a little exaggerated it's probably like 25k but you get the point of what i'm saying track your ads that's that's it guys this is how you go and make a lot more money from your ad accounts without doing anything different you just be a little bit more optimized now be sure to subscribe to this channel because i release content every monday wednesday and friday that is the best damn ad content online because i want you to grow your ads so you run into tracking issues and so you buy hiros that's that's my pure objective right here i'm going to tell you everything you need to do so you're going to make a lot more money and that's going to help you upgrade your high risk account or get you to buy hyrus eventually because tracking is a big problem i won't hold anything back because of that so come watch this channel it'll be better than anything you buy online on top of that on this channel if you look in the description there are multiple courses for facebook youtube this goes behind accounts where i'm spending a lot of money and making a lot of money and it's everything i'm doing in these accounts again nothing held back these are all free on youtube you don't even have to opt in you should go check those out and if you want to use highrose to track correctly you can book a call of my team below if you want to talk to me and actually get a strategy for how to run your ads and scale your business with ads specific to youtube which is hottest fire right now and these cost per calls are insane compared to what i get on facebook you should book a call for me below that being said i'll see in the next video [Music] guys you

================================================================================
TITLE: WHY 92% Of Facebook Ads Fail (Don't Do THIS)
VIDEO ID: fNw3Px7wJZk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNw3Px7wJZk
================================================================================

so i know you see the title of this why facebook ads fail and most people make titles of this on their videos and they act like they know why as the ceo of hirose i see so many ad accounts i've worked with hundreds of people in my iron mastermind who run ads i can literally tell you why ads fail i can tell you exactly why some facebook ads scale to the moon and youtube ads as well and some facebook ads never take off and in this video i'm going to show you exactly why this is not a debate this is not theory this is not me like calculating and get clickbait this is literally why this is literally the difference between super successful ad campaigns and non-successful ones if you get this you can mess up almost everything else and you will still win if you do not get this you could have the best ad targeting the best optimization how you could have the the frank sinatra of running ads in your account and it will not work so take the 15 minutes to understand this because this is how i generate a 10 to 15x roi in my ads well not doing anything that complicated while people doing super complicated things can barely even generate a 1.5 x this is why so pay attention okay guys so this is a simple lesson but it's probably the most important lesson in all of paid advertising i can't stress that enough i know i say hey this is a very important video all the time this is the foundation everything builds on as the ceo of hyros again i'm never going to share anything i see clients personally doing or anything like that i can see the problems that are absolute plagues in the industry and this is by far the number one one if you don't have this understanding you are never going to do well with ads even if you are a master of ads let me explain see i've said this before but i really want to break this down i see people all day try to go and become millionaires or grow their businesses or grow their clients businesses within the ad account they're trying to get the the targeting correct they're trying to get the specific ai optimization correct they're trying to get the exact manual bidding correct they're doing micro audiences and splitting it down they're literally doing albert einstein level stuff that i don't do in my account and my account generates almost a 10 to 15x roi in my ads so am i saying this stuff right here isn't going to help no of course if your if your business is doing really well with ads doing this is going to increase the roi by 20 30 50 percent 50 being excessive i've really never seen anybody grow their business by doing these things massively but what people are failing to understand is that first and foremost for ads to work it's as simple as if you walked into a room of people let's say there's a hundred people that are in the ad space for example okay let's actually say this is in the weight loss space and then let's say there's 10 of you you there's 10 businesses that walk in let's even remove ad spend from this equation if all 10 businesses present their offer okay i'm not sure that's ten but the offer that is worded and the most enticing the offer that is most desired by the marketplace and needed and the offer that is also the hottest and most hyped up is going to do the best that's three places where offers live or die let me repeat that the offer that has the best messaging and best communication or the offer that is most needed in the marketplace or the offer that is just simply in the hottest angle at the current moment the most hyped up angle is going to do the best and if it has all three of those things it is going to absolutely dominate the room and what you need to understand about dominating the room in this instance right here is if the room is dominated in this instance it will also dominate in ads because what's going to happen in advertising is the same exact thing that's going on as i just described in this room you have tons of businesses tons tons tons of businesses presenting to 100 million people instead okay but in your niche in particular let's just let's just say 100 000 people and the way you get the best roi on your ads is not by doing this this crazy optimization stuff right you're never going to outdo an offer you're never going to beat the roi you're never going to have that breakout moment until you are this offer you are that offer that has those three things or one of those three things are all those three things the more of those things you have the better you're going to do with ads for example at highrose right now tracking is very hot for example the reason why my ads at hi-ros do so exceptionally well is first off the market really needs what i'm selling two tracking is extremely hot right now it's all the rage so it's also hot three my messaging and my funnel is incredible okay i present my ad my ad presentation the way the ads are constructed the way the funnel works the way the sales team closes it is superior to any other offer on the market that's similar okay maybe not the best funnel ever made but in tracking and for the most part most b2b ad based offers it is absolutely by far the best you combine those three things together and that's why i can do i'm just going to throw out a random number right here we can easily do 20 to 40 000 a day off of very very little ad spend because we have these three things but what i constantly see people try to do is they say all right what's in the marketplace right now and they try and make an offer that's not hot at all for example a really good example this is sam evansconsulting.com sam originally made this offer when it was very needed in the marketplace and if you don't know what this offer is it's just it's just a very well known info offer where sam taught people how to make consulting businesses and i believe they've done like 20 to 30 million dollars worth of sales and they really set the pace for the entire industry with this offer there's many other offers similar to this like you know for example alex and rosie's gymlaunch.com and you argues accounting.com russ ruffinos i his coaching consulting program thing all these offers have been breakout offers and what they always had is first off the marketplace really needed it okay it was also hot it was new okay when i'm just gonna use consulting.com as an example right it was new like nobody was really teaching this in a way that was this expect this effective and finally also sam i know personally because i've i've just known him for a long time spent so much time on that funnel and messaging and getting the ability to convert the right people that came in that it had these three things right here and it made oodles of money it's one of the most successful info offers of all time but then what people did is they tried to replicate to this day they still replicate it i and my iron mastermind i constantly see people uh that come in and try and just completely rip off these the offers i just mentioned i can't tell you how many uh agency offers or grow your first consulting business offers i see and people's ads don't work and they think hey is it because i don't have the optimization set i don't have some specific targeting is my ai back in learning phase i cannot tell you how many people i see come into iron or try to use hi-ros and they they think that their entire business lives and dies by the pixel on facebook which again the pixel on facebook is important but it's only going to give you a 15 increase okay if you're targeting everything is perfect it's going to give you a 15 to 20 increase tops that's not enough to turn a business that's not working or breaking even into an explosively successful business and so what people try and do is they go and try and replicate sam's offer but it's not new on the marketplace anymore okay it's not needed there's already there's sam's course is already out there and there's already like 15 other courses that are also comp competent it's not hot okay consulting simply is not hot people are way more interested as i shoot this video and amazon fba that's that's what people are really interested in the info marketing make money online space and this can apply to everything i just know this space pretty well and then finally their messaging simply isn't as refined the funnels and all the marketing and the sales copy it just isn't it isn't there and so they have none of these advantages and so then they try and go to their their advertising and they spend they pay some super agency they take all these courses they take all these classes on optimizing their ads and getting everything perfectly right everything's dialed down to a t they're doing the most complicated demographic targeting i've ever seen they're optimizing their ai and doing manual bidding in ways that i can't even comprehend as as a person it is not the most successful ad runner of all time but i've generated tens of millions of dollars that came in at a significant roi so i know what i'm talking about and it doesn't work and it's because they're missing these foundations right here when you're thinking of running your business on ads when you're thinking of taking your business on ads you need to look at the market the best advice i can ever give anybody when it comes to running paid advertising and getting very successful at paid advertising is the first thing you should do is look at the market and what does the market need what is the market obsessed about ak what is hot and then what messaging will the market respond to okay so for example the messaging the market will respond to and the make money online space would be a new opportunity that's hot and push button for example i'm going to say at hiros i'm going to make up something right here but when i was using one message that focused on scaling ads and i was using another message on focusing on ai the ai message responded better and then so i constructed the funnel based around ai and that type of optimization while moving and selling things in a certain way that i knew would convert and i improved the messaging and that's when my ads also took off as well so that's what messaging is and so you need to look at this because what most people try and do is they try to take something that is not hot it's not needed and the messaging is not anything that's that's going to really entice people because it's either been said before or it's just not enticing in the first place and this is usually done by people trying to sell what they want to sell instead of what the market wants and so they're messaging reeks of what they want to sell and guess what the market doesn't buy what you want to sell it buys what it wants to buy okay if the market wants a washing machine that is dyed pink and poops bubbles out the back in and fills your house with a disco strobe light but you want to sell a classy upper class washing machine doesn't really matter the market's going to buy that disco ball washing machine then the whole point of this lesson is once you achieve these things right here it is actually extremely easy to run ads even if you're not that good at it now what do i mean by this i'm very good at running ads i'm very good at writing ad copy i've again generated tens of millions of dollars off of much less ad spend than that that being said nothing i really do these days on youtube or on facebook is something that i would say is super out of reach of a beginner i'm not saying in this video if you're a beginner you should get in the ads you're gonna make a ton of money i don't think you'll make much money at all okay i'm saying what i'm doing is not really outside the realm of learning of a person in about two months of ad running there's nothing i'm really doing that's that complicated that you couldn't learn to do in two months very efficiently even less than that now of course i have some instincts and other things that are built upon that but what i'm trying to stress right here is that there's no secret to my ads beyond besides these things and just good ad copy there's no magic ai targeting there's no magic there's no magic deep crazy thing going on with my bidding it is simply understanding this foundation right here and with that being said because i have this foundation i greatly outperform people that make the complicated stuff we talked about earlier their foundation i absolutely destroy them it's not even close roi wise my i have them one of the most cash profitable ad funnels ever that i've ever seen and it's because i don't focus on this and this is why facebook ads fail in the most obvious simple way that i could ever describe they feel because people ignore the market and focus on the ad platform optimization it needs to go the other way around ninety percent of your focus or at least eighty percent needs to go on the offer and what the market is doing that's it if you get that right you can have bad ads and will still work one of the most successful businesses i know they made close to 100 million dollars in sales off of very little ad spend their funnel i'm not insulting it it was not anywhere near as optimized as 90 of the funnels that you see online right today it just was not it was a very very simple basic one page funnel their profit margins were insane it's because they nailed this and their ads were okay their ads are good i'd say they're in the top 70 top 25 percent of ads but they had this and this is where the profits came from it didn't come from that and all day long at hiros i watch ad managers freak out over this and completely ignore the other thing and then they're they're constantly shocked why their ads aren't profitable and do not scale that's the point that's absolute point then the final thing i would add to that track your ads with hieros if you are not tracking your ads with hiros you are literally wasting and making 15 to 20 less than you should be from your ads by default if you're making 100 000 a month from your ads you can make an extra 20k a month very easily that's an extra 200k a year for doing literally nothing except that's actually more than 200k tracking your ads correctly and making good ad buying decisions on top that if you want help actually making your offers and and then growing them on facebook and then growing them on youtube check out my iron mastermind below just book a consultation with me we'll walk you through the exact strategies i'm using what i'm doing and break down exactly how you should be using them for your business more importantly because your business is unique snowflake one size fits all youtube video like this is not going to help you really make that breakthrough so go book a call with me below on top that if you are new to this channel subscribe because one i release videos every monday wednesday and friday and two there are so many free courses below on this channel i'm talking about good quality better than anything you've ever paid for courses with nothing else in return you should go check them out we have a full facebook ad course we have a full facebook ad course we have a full youtube scaling course and it is just my best stuff thrown out there because frankly i want you to learn how to run ads a lot better so you grow your ad account and then you use high ros to track it because i would like some of your money eventually that being said this is becker check back next monday i'll be releasing another video hit that subscribe button if you want to see it i'll see you then [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: ADVANCED : THIS DOUBLES FB AD ROI (FULL GUIDE)
VIDEO ID: -IMVUxp_1Cc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IMVUxp_1Cc
================================================================================

so this guide isn't just the advanced guiding conversions this is actually a five-step system that i've used over and over and over again across youtube ads across facebook ads across every person i've helped scale their business with ads i apply this five-step hack i know that sounds markety i know that sounds gimmicky just bear with me but it is literally a checklist of factors that i look at in every single ad every single landing page every single sales message and by applying this i've been able to make tens of millions of dollars from ads off of much less than that in ad spend the reason for that is because it focuses on the number one most important thing that adds working people doing what you want them to do if you apply these five things this is actually ten but this is five if you apply these five things to your ads and to everything you're doing you are going to consistently get people to do a lot more of what you want them to do click buy do a handstand you could probably get someone to do a handstand with this or maybe even go out on a date with you just kidding you add buyers you guys are gross all right you got to stick to making money because that's all i got i'm just kidding so that being said let's just dive in this because if you apply to your ads you're going to see huge gains in every area whenever i'm helping people in my iron mastermind group go and grow their ads by the way you can check that out below after this video is done literally what i'm doing 90 of time is running this checklist on everything they're doing if they follow this checklist they usually do really well if they don't they don't do very well so take this checklist and use it i'm not even going to make you pay for it let's look at it so guys what you're looking at right here is a page that has done an obscene amount of money [Music] now i'm not saying that to my horn or anything but iris is a pretty successful company and where all the sales came from is this page but more so where all the sales came from from our advertising and how they converted is the understanding that this page represents now i could show you our sales pages i could show you our sales calls scripts heck i'll even talk about that in the channel in the future if you guys want to get into that but what you need to understand is why these pages convert and really what makes people do anything when it comes to presenting a product online so i've actually breaking it down in five steps that you can actually go below this video and look at but whenever you're making any sales page and you're running it on facebook you're running on youtube the number one thing with your ads is that what you're offering that they're going to gain from the ad is expressed in this way whether it's your sales page or more importantly your opt-ins are the starts of your funnel if you're going to look at any any any good sales page that has worked on facebook or youtube you're going to look at any good opt-in they all have this and i want to show you to show you this on this page because it's just so simple because the page is so simple so the first thing you want to make sure that every single thing you send traffic to has is it presents a desired result a clear desired result more importantly that is important to the target demographic most times when i say people sending people to an opt-in page it's not really offering a clear result okay so how we get sales 52 cheaper from that is the clear result right there reduced cost 32 percent increased ad conversion by 22 percent allowed us to acquire customers 52 cheaper using high-risk tracking okay which again is true if you're not on hi-ros especially after the ios update i don't know what you're doing it's it's costing you so much money to run ads way more than it should okay that's hundreds of thousands of dollars a year just being lit on fire if you have even a decently sized company but more importantly you can see how clear the result is on this page if you look at your uh your ad or your opt-in and people are able to hit the page and there's not something that clearly states what result they're going to get it's not going to do well next needs to be in a suggested fast time frame now does this mean you should promise that people are going to get rich quick or something like that on your page well i mean if you do if you are selling make money online marketing or you're selling some gimmicky stuff like that which i'm not hating on you but if you do sell if you sell something gimmicky that offers people results way too quickly you know who you are and you know why you do that because it works now look there's many ways to do this without saying hey you're going to make a billion dollars in 30 so you can see what i actually do right here using a copy and paste tracking script the reason why i say this right here is because when people think about copy and paste they think about hey it's easy and it's quick and easy to do that's why when people say hey get this refrigerator and you'll be cooling your food and the time it takes you to plug it in okay if you look at any good offer it talks about how fast and easy the person can get the result now the thing is like for example with hi-ros and many other products people can get the result quickly if you send people i don't know organ meats okay they're going to be eating healthy meats quickly instantly just as soon as they can put it in their microwave so what you want to find some way to do in any type of marketing that you're doing is find some way to connect the result to it being fast and easy because people want the washing machine let me explain what that means in any type of any business model people don't want to learn how to manually wash their dishes they want something they can plug in and get the result right away we usually think people are lazy and they don't want to do all the extra steps and that's 100 true if i told you you had to actually learn about how a cooling unit works in order to cool your house with an ac unit a lot less people would buy ac units all people want is something that they can plug in and instantly cools their home in every aspect their life they want it to be that push button simple you need to find a way to express that okay the person can get a result quickly and easily you're going to have their interest but there's so much more to now in order to really get people to react what you need to make people feel is fomo this is very hard to do in marketing but if you can do it you're going to be working with pretty much the best sales tactic while marketing it's it's enough to get entire nations to invest their money in gamestop it's fomo it's the most powerful thing in the entire world in theory and marketing i'm sure there might be some more powerful marketing tactics that being said you want to find some way to express that the result is being had with something that's a new opportunity that there that they should know about that they've missed out on a new opportunity that they should know about but they've missed out on that is the most powerful thing to get people to react ever so for example in my niche i know that people that run ads they're very well aware that ai controls the optimization of ads and so hiro says a lot of things it tracks people's ads so that they can easily go and get a better roi by making decisions but also feeds the data back into the ai of the ad platform so the targeting gets better i focus on that second part more than the first part because that gets people excited and they don't clearly understand what it is but they think they should know about it and it seems like a new opportunity which it all is that being said when i was selling uh shopify courses back in the day what i would do when explaining it is i wouldn't present it as shopify because people knew what shopify was or at least they had some premise of it and the premise wasn't good because there's hundreds of shopify youtube channels out there showing all sorts of crazy stuff about shopify i didn't want to offer them something that they knew about because that doesn't seem like a new opportunity that they've missed out on it seems like something old that's been used up and saturated so what i did is i would talk about it before ever mentioning shopify's talk about it as a tactic that 711 and walmart have been using to make easy profits by shipping stuff in from china okay which is pretty much exactly true if you go and look at most drop shipping stores in most shopify stores they're selling the same things you see actually over the counter in 7-eleven but i explained it in that way to create a lot more interest with people they go whoa whoa what's this new method so when i see really good real estate ads they don't talk about how to make money in real estate they talk about how to make money by taking advantage of this new tax loophole that joe biden's administration just put forward now are they going to get into talking about making money with real estate and flipping houses with real estate yes but that's not the way they present the idea to peak people's interest you'll notice in health fitness working out there has been thousands of workout courses and i assume that maybe five percent of them at least have solved the way that humans need to exercise to get workout gains so why do people keep buying new workout courses because they want the new thing they want a new opportunity they want what they've been missing out on that's why the flavor of the month in health goes from uh assay berries okay berries i can't pronounce it to collagen to whatnot so whenever you're writing your copy or selling something online it always needs to seem like a new opportunity even if it's not and frankly it doesn't even matter if it is or not because the reason why we're presenting as a new opportunity is not to go and scam someone and make them think they're buying something they're not it's to get someone's attention at first then you can always explain with like hey this loophole that has been being used yeah that is shopify this loophole that's being used yet is collagen but you need to understand exactly why this is so huge okay so what you're doing is you're attracting attention by presenting as a new opportunity but you can always sell the old opportunity what people do when they come to a page or anything is they they bring their own existing beliefs about it so if people have seen a thousand dr axe collagen ads they're going to already have tons of ideas about what it is and think they already understand it that understanding is usually not what you're selling or not even connected to the benefit of what you're trying to do for people so it's just way better to present as a new opportunity and then once they it then you can start calling it by its actual name okay that's just some general tips at highrose for example we actually do help people's ai's target better okay but it just fits into that category of what i just described very well then finally with what i just said right here it has to sound realistic if you make something up like how to use the the kis handstand method to go and get some crazy results it's not going to sound realistic it has to sound like something that what actually legitimately exists that's why i love using tax codes that's why i use love using references to technology and existing brands and companies that already exist so the authority is already there if you look at a lot of ads where people are doing like stock ms and they don't talk about uh this is the brand new wave of crazies crypto stocks they talk about this is what jeff bezos just existed in or invested in they talk about things that already have attached authority to them so we actually covered two things right there that needs to seem like something new and it's something they're missing out on and finally the last thing you need to have it have is it needs to seem easy to apply copy and paste tracking script if you can go and put all these things into your opt-ins into your pitches into your sales videos you are going to keep people's attentions and you're going to get them to buy because these are the reasons why people buy things very very quickly if people believe it's going to get them a result in a short time frame they feel like they're missing out and it's a new opportunity and it's easy to apply you're going to do super well with ads and there's nothing else i can really add to this video there's this is the key to almost all copywriting if you just have these five things laid out in front of you as you're writing your opt-ins your sales videos or any ads that you're making you're going to do super well i really suggest after this video is done you check out some of the other ad training videos on here for example i have huge breakdowns of my youtube ad scripts my facebook ad scripts on this channel and if you even want help building your ads and scaling your business on youtube book a call with me below i have more six seven and eight figure results than any youtube coach i'm pretty sure ever on top of that if you're not tracking your ads right now with highrose you're losing so much money you should you should check out at least how highros works below that being said check out all the cool videos on this channel be sure to subscribe because i release videos every monday wednesday and friday this has been becker take it easy you

================================================================================
TITLE: This Facebook AD Hack Made Him 100 Million...
VIDEO ID: Khhi6q0pSII
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Khhi6q0pSII
================================================================================

this is not hyperbole i'm going to show you the most powerful tactic in all of paid advertising if you do this it will be very very hard not to make hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars every single business that makes a lot of money via paid advertising they do this all the businesses that struggle and are so we sitting around being like why don't we make more money from our they don't do this and it's such a simple concept it's like investing in bitcoin at 500 i'm not kidding you can just literally look at the data and say if you put 500 here you're going to make 5 000 back over a year you just look at it like clockwork over and over again it's the best investment of all time and it's called making a proper back-end to connect with your ads now i know what you're thinking okay beckons are boring it's not hot no trust me if you understand how to connect this back into your ads is going to change your business and how you run ads forever all the businesses i've taught this to in person they explode they get hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars worth of results by the way if you want to be one of those businesses just book a call with me below i'll actually break down exactly how you should structure this particularly for your unique business because you're a unique special snowflake you need something just for you sarcasm aside you really too but what you also need is to understand this concept i'm about to show you so let's just hop into the training i have to stress this i have to teach this because i almost see nobody ever do this and i'm not talking about beginners not doing this i have a master ad group where there's people easily doing 20 50 100 000 a month when they come in they're not doing this and when i tell them to do this they resist it for the longest time and then they do it and their business completely changes now i'm not trying to get you in the master ad group or anything like that i'm just like this is this is chronic across people that even know what they're doing see this lesson needs to fundamentally change how you look at ads because what most people look at ads like is like this they see you run an ad and then you make money on the other set of ads let's say you spend ten dollars here you make twenty dollars out this is really hard to do contrary to popular belief of people that aren't experienced with ads if you've ran ads you know how hard this is to do i will tell you straight up man running a webinar funnel where i had a high ticket product and then making a three to four x roi on the rebills so for example i'd be spending 25 000 a day to do about 20k a day back okay and you're like oh that's less than 25 very good but more importantly what would then happen after three to four months after refunds and everything came in this would usually be about worth 50k so i had to wait for the money to come in okay and so it could be from 50 to 70k it just depends on how many rebuilds and whatnot but let's just use the low end number right here that was super hard to do even that was tough and then going and running how ads how most people do they run an ad and they try and sell like a 47 product maybe something that rebuilds it is tough they have a 297 dollar product a book funnel they're selling like an e-commerce product that's a three not the three commerce okay excuse me it's a bit early in the morning this is tough i think i've said that enough times already and if you've ever ran ads you know how tough it is and most of the time when people are trying to scale their ads whether on youtube or facebook they get to this point where they get to maybe max a thousand maybe 5 000 a day which is already pretty damn skilled up but their ad margins just go down they go from making a 2x roi at 200 to 300 a day to just breaking even losing money and they're like what do i do ads are impossible it must be because i'm missing some secret sauce that you know tai lopez and russell brunson have been putting in their cereal that's not what's happening here this is this is how ads are meant to run because you have to understand when people are running ads really talented ad runners are running ads like this they run an ad and they are completely okay losing money on the front end this is the biggest lesson of all advertising the people that you're running ads against when you get past 3 000 per day they're doing this they're doing this a hundred percent of the time because you literally can't scale ads to a high margin to a high daily ad spend and really expect to make money on the front end of your ads and your front end is essentially what is sold immediately after that it's what the person sees the first time they interact with you it just doesn't work now of course there are such exceptions to this rule but if you're in an industry where you have multiple competitors and there's multiple people buying ads targeting the same customers as you are you're selling something similar other people you're not you're not going to do that you're just not again there are exceptions but it's very very rare and it's better to play by the rules and crush it within the rules than trying to be the exception to the rule because you just have to get lucky if you're going to be an exception to the rule this is exactly what russell brunson did to grow clickfunnels if you know they do pretty well it's like a 500 million dollar company or something like that and the concept they use to get around this is when you're running ads you're going to compete against people that are okay losing money on their ads or breaking even so how do you run a business like that it's very easy you run ads with the goal of breaking even or not losing that much and then you track your customers over time and that's what's going to tell you how much they're worth to you over a period of time so for example when i was running my first business source wave how i made money is i could never make my ads work at all you know you think oh alex is some ad group i couldn't i couldn't make them profitable ever so i thought to myself why don't i just collect opt-ins and so what i did instead is i kept getting people to opt into my business give me their email address for about four dollars and then what i did is i tracked over time how much these people made me this is a great drawing yes i know we can frame this later but i tracked how much they made me over six months and over six months if my memory recalls i might use a different number in other videos forgive me it's been a long time but they made me around 25 okay so about a 5 to 6x roi okay this worked like crazy this got me to over four million dollars a year at hiros because all we did was simply buy emails and send them down an email funnel where they get sold stuff and be built they they gradually get to know the brand and get sold more stuff so this is great i'd put four dollars in and make 25 over here and people are investing in ethereum right now like crazy because they think it's gonna 5x they don't even know i had mathematical proof that if i put four dollars in it would turn into twenty five dollars and so i just put as much four dollars in as i could this is the most powerful concept of all of advertising let me take you to the next level all right this is what russell brunson did at clickfunnels when i did it market hero to get over 20 000 subscriptions basically for free almost now free is is is used in quotations right here so what russell did for example is he made a 997 dollar course and then got people to sign up for a free trial of click funnels at 99 per month so what happened well this ad right here broke even i've heard russell talk about many times i think they lost money on it most of the time that doesn't matter because if they spent two thousand dollars on ads and got hundreds of people in two people bought this and it paid for the two thousand dollars an ad so just basically pawned itself out it completely covered the cost but then let's say let's work this down to normal numbers let's say they spent ten thousand dollars on ads to get one thousand people into the business okay and then ten people out of the thousand one percent bought this 997 dollar course well that 10k made just covered up this 10k right here but then they have a thousand people that are qualified customers interested in selling info products and whoa what do they have to sell them click funnels for 99 free trial so if they can go in there and get 10 of people in here okay ten percent of people that's a hundred people that just sign up for click funnels let's just use rough numbers right here and at 99 per month that's ten thousand dollars per month now what's happening right here for the ten thousand dollars i spent they got a thousand people in for free and now they're going to make a hundred thousand dollars off this back end right okay 10 000 spent 110k actually made when you look at the numbers long term okay so for example what i would do at highrose the longest time is i actually would run an ad campaign where i'd make a little bit of profit okay that one i was talking about was really scaled up so we'd actually 2x over three to four months and so i was fine with it but while doing that my initial product my front end covered the cost of the ads well i got tons of people signing up for a free trial on market hero and that's just literally what i do all day long it's the most powerful easy way to make money with ads ever because making a front end that gives you a 2 3x roi and a very profitable business it's extremely hard most you can't do it i've tried many times okay the only business i've ever been able to do that on is hirose which has an extremely high ticket funnel which i've already talked about on this channel and why that's why call funnels are far superior check the check the description there's a free training on that below it's not it's not a pitch training it's just on youtube you can watch it and that works really well but you have to understand my ads behind hiros and they're extremely profitable most profitable ads ever ran very simple ad runs person gets on phone call we usually make a two to three x but that isn't even where the money's made the money is made on the rebills when the person signs up so a person comes on they sign up for hiros they pay x amount and then they're paying i don't know let's say it's really high in the count two thousand dollars per month per year that's 24k with money paid up front so that's that's that's the concept you need to understand about ads whenever you're looking at ads in the future if you want to be a person who makes a lot of money from ads what you need to focus on is not this equation run ad make 2x roi you need to focus on running ads that break even because you it's so hard to be spending 5k a day and be making a profit on top of it can you do it yes is it extremely hard yes and as soon as it starts to get extremely hard man if it's hard at 5k a day getting the 7k to 15k day and really tripling or quadrupling your business it's not going to happen but if you can knock out this ad spend and then make a 5x roi on your back end which is extremely easy to do you're going to be on fire and you can out bid you can out spend you can now advertise literally everybody because very few people do this and the people that do there aren't that many of them okay so once you get into this range where you start thinking like this you go from competing with hundreds of people to like five people in theory v sub v so that's the lesson for the day that's the thing i want to share with you and adds if you can just understand this concept you're going to crush it the other most important thing you should be able to do is track this i mean check this out right here if i just go and look at the amount i make for every single person that books a call at hiros you can see in the first month it's really not that profitable after nine months it's insanely profitable i'm usually paying like eighty two hundred dollars per phone call right now it's just it's just printing money at that point because i know the back end numbers that are going to be coming in if i go look at another call okay i'm paying about 150 for these phone calls right here makes 900 over about nine months if you know these numbers right here it just becomes insanely easy to run out i can pay 200 300 per call my ad cost can triple and i'm still just fine because i know these numbers right here by the way this is being done in high ros on top of actually tracking your ads accurately and fixing the ios crash update issues i mean it also does this too so again if you're scaling you should be working around accurate numbers because if you're not you're growing your ad account based on mystery and intrigue which is not usually the most profitable thing to do that's the lesson guys on top of that if you want help growing your ads grow putting them on on top of that if you want help growing your ads getting on the youtube and scaling up your ads on youtube you should book a custom strategy call below we can hop on i can actually give a unique strategy because this is kind of a one-size-fits-all thing that we just did and you wouldn't want a one-size-fits-all pair of pants so you probably don't want that for your business which is a little bit more important than your pants depending on who you are if you're a person that's really into your pants maybe like 50 is important that being said i will see in the next video in the next videos this week we're going to be talking about scaling up our facebook ads the right way and also how to sell high ticket products more effectively you should subscribe so you see those videos again anything i've mentioned is below in the description i'll see in the next video [Music]

================================================================================
TITLE: EMERGENCY!!! APPLE just NUUKED FB ADS [take this action now!!!!]
VIDEO ID: oVPC1Z1f63o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVPC1Z1f63o
================================================================================

guys i'm straight of the shower because for the first time ever the thumbnail actually matches the severity of this video the ios update went live and it hit facebook tracking way harder than i thought it would i frankly didn't think would have that much of an impact and it did if you're wondering why i'm smiling it's because it didn't hit higher at all we were already better at tracking before and with our facebook api integration we actually work with facebook to make your tracking really really good so it's it's really excellent for me but we already had preparations in place if we did get hit so it wasn't like something i was concerned about but i'm also haven't been really concerned about it because the way we track is very ethical we track people from the websites that the businesses put us on we're not tracking people moving all around the internet and watching what they're doing we're just simply recording people hitting the websites of the businesses that have us on there so it's not invasive it's not digging into where people are going it's just where they are i'm not here to talk about that i want to give you the updates on this i was resisting making this video for a long time because i wanted to wait and see what happened instead of just going on like everybody else and talking about what they think is going to happen no one works at apple so they can't tell you now that things have gone live i'd like to share things with you on top of that i'm not going to pitch hiros in this video if you're interested in fixing your tracking there's a link to it on literally every other video on this channel and more so i want to show you how to fix this or at least understand how to fix it it's actually pretty simple if you understand the premise of everything that's happening just do me a favor and just watch the video i'm going to keep it super short and you don't need to be tempted to click away from the video there's not going to be any like fast action pitch or something like that so let's get to it okay guys so first thing first and foremost i am a tracking expert i've worked in tracking for my own ads and deeply deeply deeply inside of tracking at hiros for years so i want to stress in this video one thing i don't also work at apple okay and so while i know how tracking works i don't work at apple so i can't tell you everything technology wise is an update i can just tell you what i'm seeing and i can tell you what i believe that we're seeing so first off what you need to understand just happen and i believe the first and foremost thing that apple focused on is blocking facebook's apps and what you need to understand is two things about how facebook tracks and then also how their apps track and one thing i want to point out this video is not the hate on facebook they're tracking for what it's been the past few years is incredible because it's a one size fits all slap on solution that doesn't require any customer support that's pretty cool and i want to also stress that what we do at high risk is work with facebook we're not here to bash facebook or like say facebook is dead use us instead frankly what i'm going to show you at this end of this video is how we actually work with facebook to make facebook ads better than ever that being said what apple really went after first is the app and you need to understand when you're on the app scrolling around on your phone what's happening is you're being tracked the entire time because you're in facebook's let's just use for lack of better words i'm going to dumb this all down you're in their network all right so everything you're doing on there you're being tracked all your actions are being tracked as you use the app that's not good okay because it can see that you're on the app it could see who you are can see everything you're looking at and then when you click out of the app what also happens is you're still viewing websites inside the app so it can see everywhere you're going and everywhere you're moving around to i'm not going to talk about whether this is good or bad i think i don't think anyone's a fan of this but more importantly this is what apple went in and targeted okay and so you have to understand that like let's say this is the website and everything that's going on the website server level and then the website is contained in the app all right so this is the container of the app and so the app is watching everything you're doing from here but what it did is it just blinded the app the website can still see what you're doing this is why for example server side tracking which is what hirose is or if maybe you've set up your own custom solution in the past that's why this is working just fine because the the ios system isn't blocking websites from loading up okay isn't blocking websites from loading up and even when you're looking at the website you're in the facebook browser okay so that also being said what you also have to understand about facebook tracking is that it's semi blind all right you have to look at where the tracking is applied at so when you click an ad what's going to happen is there's going to be an fb click id on the link which isn't necessarily tracking it's just used for identification purposes and what's going to happen is this is where your tracking begins at now the problem is whenever you jump from page to page this has been going on forever by the way this isn't anything new specifically if you're on safari or firefox what happens is it wipes the facebook tracking now of course you have the facebook pixel up here but the reason why this is bad is when these clo these browsers are closed down the tracking is lost uh to some extent all right and again i don't work at facebook all i can tell you is what we've seen going on in the tracking okay what we've seen in our tracking and their tracking this right here could be fundamentally wrong i want to stress that okay i don't want to make any statements where i'm just pulling stuff out of my butt i'm just telling you what i think okay so at this point the tracking is lost whenever you close down the browser you switch devices or whatnot this isn't great for tracking in the first place this is one of the reasons why facebook tracking had a lot of inaccuracies with webinar funnels call funnels etc because really tracking is applied right here and then you're watched right here and so it can watch when you're logged into facebook and watch basically when your browser is connected to facebook but as soon as this is closed down these browsers are switched you hop to another device the tracking's lost in the first place so this isn't necessarily important to update this is how it tracked before the main thing you need to understand is that one of the key ways where it had a huge way to track with and apply tracking from the app just got knocked out and so most people are using the facebook app or they're using safari on the ios system which is again kind of doing similar things i'm not sure every place that apple wiped out their tracking but it looks like if you're on an app that's in uh if you're an app that's in the ios system it's going to be slapping the stuff and the reason why this is also bad again is because facebook tracking needs to have that connection to facebook it's not reapplied every single click it's not actually stored on the server when the click comes in so let me explain pretty much how highros works or any server side tracking works so if a person clicks a facebook ad on facebook what happens is the link itself first off iris is going to grow i'm just going to use hiros as the example right here and sorry if i'm talking fast i'm just excited because this is this is cool that being said what's going on right here is facebook is going to send in a facebook click id and then there's also going to be a parameter talking to hirose that tells you what facebook ad it came from and i'm going to use hiros as an example in this video you can also interchange this with server-side tracking i'm not trying to press you into buying hiros you should be setting up some type of server side tracking i think hyrus is the best for it but if you want to set up something custom by all means you just need to understand this so the parameter that's in the facebook link which is going to be a little light of text after the link and the facebook id is going to be collected on the page okay and so right off the bat hyrus is going to know that this ad was the thing that generated this click and this is exactly where this person came from so what then happens is every other link they click on the website let's imagine they go back to their cell phone and click an email to get to this page let's imagine they close the browser down and then reopen the browser doesn't really matter we have enough levels of tracking to recognize so the tracking is reapplied at every step on top of that let's imagine the person goes to a website and this is an opt-in page then they land on the thank you page for the opt-in then they come back to a checkout later on and then they process it in a stripe what's going on right here is the data is reapplied and rechecked and recorded at each of these steps and so as long as we can connect one piece of data to the overall big chunk of data that's being collected it really doesn't matter we know exactly who clicked the ad and where they came from more importantly as soon as we see the data come in what happens is we can easily go and say oh okay this is the data that came in and the re the place that this person came from the original source was this ad and this was the original facebook click id now here's where it gets really cool because then we can go and basically say all right this is the facebook click id and facebook knows this they have this information right here so then what we can easily do is say hey facebook we can use their marketing api by the way i could be wrong here but i'm extremely sure that i'm not iris is the only system that does this we're only one that connects to the facebook click id like this okay we also do this for google ads as well that being said what we do is we say hey facebook this is the this is who clicked and then facebook goes oh okay i know who this person is and i know what this ad is and then they go and place the conversion inside their system which then trains their ai pixels the same way you were training them before except much better because we're dealing with 100 accurate data or at least as close to 100 as we can possibly get here so the main takeaway is that well this original tracking that facebook was using in the past just take a major hit a that wasn't the best form of tracking in the first place b it wasn't the best way to train your ai see the same solutions before server-side tracking that was already the better way to train your pixels in ai and the better way to track your ads it's still there and you can still train your ai much better and you can still assign sales directly in your facebook ad manager you don't even need for example here's a picture screenshot of a customer sent me yesterday after the update happened you don't even need to be using the hi-ros chrome extension which if you look right here in my browser shows me way more calls collected yesterday than facebook collected but i can push this data back like this customer showed you right here and literally my ads don't change i'm still pushing the same exact data right in the ad manager and still training my pixel so that's what's going on that's what okay i don't work at apple or facebook and those are the solutions to it you should definitely be looking into server-side solutions i think iris is the best i think our competitors are terrible that's one of the reasons why hiros has done so well the past year that being said you should be looking into having someone set up a server-side solution for you if you're interested in checking out hi-ros every other video on this channel has a link to it below it every single one i'm not going to do it on this video because i just wanted to go and break down what is happening and how you should be looking at it so this has been becker take it easy you

================================================================================
TITLE:  !!!       
VIDEO ID: a8E_6uU2wQE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8E_6uU2wQE
================================================================================

do you get super aroused when you go to the 99-cent store well this is for you because what we're going to be focusing on in this video is how to get super cheap clicks on facebook oh the dollar clicks remember those when you first got started everyone's like dollar clicks make a million dollars a day we're not gonna get quite that cheap but what i'm going to show you in this video my fellow hyruleans by the way this is alex becker ceo of hyros you know a company that helps everybody track their ads and get a much higher roi on their ads and then feed it back to iii and get even more roi on that it's that that company that's what i do but more importantly i'm gonna be showing you in this video how to get crazy cheap clicks on facebook by what i've done to get really low clicks on facebook but more importantly get the actions that you're looking for the sale the cpl the clicks as well and the views much cheaper than everybody else i've used this in e-commerce i've used this in sas i've used this in consulting and info businesses even if you're selling kangaroos this will probably work for you so we're just gonna dive straight into it okay guys so this is going to be super weird because if you're watching this video you probably look at all your stats in your ads manager you look at the cpm cost per view cost that's cost per click cost per click and i all the time when i help people with their ads they they have a they usually have huge spreadsheets with all these stats and this is what they think determines or is the indicator of how well their ads are doing so originally when people first got on the facebook and so this day what they focus on a ton of times is cheap clicks and i'm going to be straight up with you in this video i tricked you into watching it because i know you probably are looking for cheap clicks too but cheap clicks are not the thing you want to look for they're an indicator of something else which i'm going to show you and if you understand this something else you will get cheap clicks but you also get cheap everything else because let's let's really understand one simple concept we can take the hundred stats in the dashboard right you can you can have an entire board with all your stats right here but at the end of the day there's really only two stats that matter in your business actually there's only one it's roi every one of these stats could be completely out of control just broken by standards but if your roi is large then you it doesn't really matter if you're doing a 4x roi it doesn't matter and so it's such a mistake to focus on these things right here now there's also other indicators in your business that are going to indicate whether an ad is working or not for example if you're running a deep funnel that has an opt-in in the front of it your indicator is going to be cpl and the cpl is the main thing you want to be looking at because if the cpl goes down all of these stats right here go down as well so if you just focus on what controls the cpl which is the message behind the ad the quality of your opt-in and understanding of your customer then that's just going to go it's going to plummet and then these things will plummet as well and it's so much easier to just focus on the message of your ad and your opt-in than it is all these other stats the same thing applies with an e-commerce store the main thing that actually matters is the cost per sale which is going to be controlled by how well the ad performs which is again you're thinking well isn't it all these things sort of sort of i'm going to show you how to get all these things super low without thinking about them and then also the offer that you're offering okay if you have a call funnel it's going to be cost per call and then all of these only thing that actually matters behind all of these ones is roi and the crazy thing about this is in almost every business i see people operate around the cost per lead or cost per call because they can't actually track their roi which is again i'm not going to pump high roast in this thing but if you don't see the roi of your ads truly and you're missing like 50 of your sales you're optimizing around bogus stats and i guarantee you're losing like 20 30 percent a year try out hiros uh anyways so look what you need to do instead is when i'm running an ad okay and how i get my ads super cheap and let me show you this concept right here in google to make it a little bit more clear so you're probably thinking all right but isn't this about facebook yes but it's just so much easier to show you this because youtube's a little bit more straight to the point because there's less variables you just have a video on facebook you have ad copy you have the video you have the images you have the headline there's a lot of things to play with and so well let's just keep it simple like this you can see right here my cost per view on youtube what most people are going to try and do on facebook and youtube is they're going to is they're going to try and control their cost per view by editing their targeting and their demographics and all the little they're bidding they're going to try and bid to lower their cost per view so check this out right here you can see three different messages right here this one is actually really really blatantly obvious so you can see here's a message right here where the focus of the ad is saved 20 on ads okay the message of this ad is how ai can be used to scale ads these are two different messages the the communication in both these ads is focusing on two different benefits and so you can see right here the cost per view on this video is 30 cents the cost per view on this video is 11 cents why because this concept this message this benefit is far more attractive to the viewer than this one this is what's going on right here so the way you actually get cheap clicks and cheap views is not to play with your targeting i could go out there and play with the targeting on this ad the demographics and all the bidding i could maybe get this down to 25 cents there's no way i could plummet it much further because people don't respond to this benefit this message right here doesn't stand out to them this one right here stands out to them like a sore thumb so then let's look at these ads right here okay again we see this one right here scale ads scale ads 38 cents per view this one focusing on ai 21 cents per view but then we can also look at the different messages of the ai so let's this this benefit right here you can see really doesn't respond to customers customers don't don't they just don't care about saving money on their ads that's why the cost per view is high not because the targeting or some toggle inside of adwords is messed up now if we come down here we can see different messages from this ai and locks ads i'm pretty sure this one right here focuses on a different message and it's shot from my iphone this one right here at my desk where i have a different message at the start of the ad i believe this one right here talks about the benefits of ads this one talks about ai scaling ads okay this one talks about how ai optimization works people are interested what what am i seeing from this people are not interested in saving money on their ads they're not really interested in how ai optimization works they are interested on ai optimization scaling their ads further and so this tells me what the customer's thinking and if i want to get cheap clicks if i actually go and look at the the cost per conversion i'm sure this all lines up right here we're just going to stick to cost per view right here you're going to see that this ad right here simply performs better okay now you can see over time this one was the winner okay so this one right here it's focusing again on ai scaling ads so this one is about 22 cents right here okay and so you can see all the ones that focus on scaling ads are the winners all the ones that focus on saving money or how it works are the losers that's what you need to focus on with your ads and so when you're looking at your facebook ads it's exact same concept and my facebook ad account it's really hard to show you this because i already know this and so i converted all my ads to focus on scaling ads with ai in fact if you go and look at my main funnel right here you can see that how highros uses ai tracking insulin increase ad roi and so here's the bigger secret to everything i'm showing you right here yes i totally tricked you to watch this video because i'm going to teach you the most powerful ad tech that there is what you want to do with your ads is you want to see the messages and ads that people connect to so when you run facebook ads don't go out there and run like five ads and then look at their costs and start playing with the demographics of targeting the age the the income these things these can come i'm not saying these things are completely unimportant but these are these are the things that are going to get you a 20 boost what i'm showing you here is going to get you the 80 boost what you want to do when you're running ads on facebook or youtube is make ads with different messages so for example how i got the high-risk ads to crush it okay again these things pump out i spent about 3 000 a day right now we do anywhere from 15 000 to on good days 35 000 revenue back that's cash revenue that's not payment plans that's not like projected revenue that's not including the mrr that comes from that's just cash in and so what i'll do is when i was running the hirose ads originally i made one ad actually i made three ads i focused on increasing ad roi i mean it on saving ad roi and then i made another one on uh just gains just overall benefits and i made another one on ai all right so when i looked at the cost per lead which is actually what i look at i don't even look at cost per view because here's the thing the one with the lowest cost per view and the most clicks is going to be the ones the one that people are most interested in and so naturally the one with the lowest cpl is going to usually have the lowest cost per view so i don't look at these numbers right here i'm just showing you exactly what i already know that being said when we go into it i originally ran these ads i noticed people really connected with ai and then they also respond to this one but they respond most strongly to the ai so i scratch these two ones right here all right and so let's say my cpl my cost per call this time was like 350 dollars all right so that's that's we still do very well at high risk with that but not as well as we could if it was lower duh all right so what i did is i combined those two messages together i said okay people really respond to ai so what can i do i made an ai ad focusing on scaling an ai ad focusing on saving and ai ad focusing just on the overall benefits how it works the tech behind it and how you're behind the times and then let's say i just added another concept i don't quite remember it was very clear to me that people instantly responded to this one the cpl uh the cost per call on these ones i was originally running an opt-in first the cpl was much lower on the opt-in page okay so if i i made this page originally and i tried a few different headlines as well alright so this one worked really really well in combination with the scaling ad so i really noticed that people are very interested in the ai combination but then what i did next is i just removed this opt-in and i switched straight to just the landing page that goes for this the call i noticed the ads that focused on scaling with i did exceptionally well and so what i then did all right now the cost per view and the cost per click plummeted okay and also the costs were called plummeted so it got down from like 350 to like 250. and so then what i did is i looked at this page and i said how can i make it line up with ad because this is obviously the message that people respond to best so what i then did is i changed the headline and i made the focus of the top of the page b about scaling ads with ai boom cost per call dropped to about a hundred bucks a call 100 to 150 bucks a call i mean a few days ago we're getting like 50 60 calls and we close at a extremely high rate at highrose and so that's how we get away with spending almost nothing on ads and doing such high rois this is the secret to it i know i tricked you to get here but if you're focusing on your cost per click and your cost per view and and all of these other stats you're confusing yourself because what you need to be focusing on is not the stats you need to be focusing on what customers are responding to when you do that and then you focus your ad creative and your landing pages around what they're telling you they're interested in all these stats will naturally start going down in the way you want them to that's the lesson for today and if you can then work your ad copy around that holy moly and then this is the fun little bonus tip for you check out these ads right here okay check how little i spend on these things look at the cost compared to the roi hundred and ninety eight thousand to five thousand thirty two thousand to ten thousand one thousand four hundred to forty two thousand what you need to focus on next and i want to point out right here i'm not looking at google stats so and more of the stories focus on the ads that are actually getting an roi because i look at cost per call and cpl add to carts or whatever other metrics you might be looking at but i really optimize around is this right here okay and then the reason why these ads do really well is because then i pass this data back to google i pass this data back to facebook and it optimizes around this data right here not cost per call and cost per lead like so many people too and so my final tip for you if you're obsessed with stats actually track the correct stats and then optimize around roi ignore everything else make and optimize your funnel around what customers are telling you they're your cpl your cpv all the stats will go down and then when you do that then focus on and optimize and scale your ads based around roi not those relevant stats you could have the best cpl cost per click on planet earth and if you're not pumping out an roi it doesn't matter it doesn't matter okay and by the way what i'm using to track this with is hyrus i'm not trying to be biased i'm not trying to throw it in your face there is no other tool on planet earth that does okay and puts it in your ad manager like this and then passes it all back to it there's no tool that uses the facebook api like we do so if you're interested in that you should check out the link below this and book a call with us again we have a 90 day refund guarantee on it if you don't see stats increase you're at roi our ai training doesn't improve your roi you don't pay for it now the next thing i also want to give you or tell you is if you go look at this page right here i made a video yesterday that breaks down this copywriting right here and so this is another thing that's going to really increase your roi as well that's it guys that's all i have for you today i'm going to be pumping out three to four videos a week so be sure to subscribe be sure to hit that like button let me know the feedback you have i'm trying to grow this channel really fast right now and give you guys the best ad content online again the reason why i'm doing this and i'm not holding anything back is because if you learn something and grow your ads you're going to run in the tracking issues and you or you're going to be upgrading your hirose account so it works for me so i'm just going to tell you everything i know and so that's why you should subscribe finally last thing if you want to actually help scaling up your ads and getting results i've helped literally hundreds of businesses scale past multi-six figures seven figures and eight figures you can book a consulting call with me below and we'll show you exactly how to plug into youtube ads and scale your business that being said check out the videos at the end of this video i have so much content on this channel for you there's a full facebook advance course there's a full youtube advance course there's everything i'm doing behind my ads there as well check it out this has been becker i'll see in the next video probably releasing our schedules now monday wednesday and [Music] friday you

================================================================================
TITLE: THIS SALES VID MAKES 30k A DAY! Here's how I made it.
VIDEO ID: stOz9tCCRn8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stOz9tCCRn8
================================================================================

hi rulings very simple in this video i'm going to break down a sales video that is generating my business anywhere from 15 to 20 usually uh but on good days 30 000 to 35 000 a day in revenue i want to stress me completely honest with you that's not 100 profit because high rose has a lot of hard cost however revenue wise i'm going to be spending about 1500 to 2 000 a day in ads and we take that in in pure hard revenue cash long story short this sales video works and frankly i've never seen anything generate an roi like this i'm going to break down the exact sales processes why i'm doing everything in it and hopefully you can copy some of these tactics for your ads and your sales funnels and get better results than you're doing right now because i i don't want to toot my horn too hard i don't know anyone whose funnels convert like this i actually i do know one and he made about a hundred million dollars doing it and a lot of this funnel is based on that funnel so that being said enjoy this is a long video but i guarantee this is gonna be some of the most impactful stuff you ever see on top of that i'm gonna do one little shameful pitch if you like what you're seeing right here and you want more of it you want me to help you with your ads coach you on your ads help you grow your business via youtube book a consultation with me below you might be really good for my ad master group we'll hop on a call we'll break down exactly how you can start scaling your business with youtube ads also all the funnels the copywriting behind it you should check it out it's below let's begin all right boys and girls listen up because i kid you not people have paid me tens of thousands of dollars for me to explain what i'm about to do for you right here so that's not to toot my horn that's the most arrogant way to start just just pay attention it's gonna be cool content okay sorry to be a jerk this is worth billions of dollars but i'm gonna walk through this video with you for about the first eight to the seven to eight minutes because this is where the magic happens and again like i said in the intro this video right here is easily generating about 20 to on good days 30 to 35 000 a day and it's so simple it's a very very easy video and if you understand what i'm doing in this video especially this seven minutes right here i think you'll do really well because it does really well for me and i've never seen anything generate this type of roi i'm not trying to sound like amazing after like a decade of doing this nothing has worked this well so let's just begin the first thing you're going to see when we actually look this video is i have a video playing right here that looks like i'm about to start talking and then has me counting down and then it resets and then i have this arrow right here most important thing is you you don't want your video to just start right away because then people aren't prepared for the video but if you just have an image right there sometimes people aren't going to make the effort to press the video so if you get their attention with something going on right here and you're counting down it gets their attention and they can kind of start the video on their own terms this just works better based on the stats so let's begin let's just cut to the chase hyrus is a software that combines print tracking and ai optimization and it will instantly allow you to scale your ads much further it will allow you to instantly save at least 15 percent on your ad spend without any decrease in sales and it will also improve your ad platform ai's and allow them to find you customers cheaper guaranteed literally we have a 90-day guarantee at hiros because we consistently and predictably delivered that exact result all right so let's talk about those first 30 seconds because they're extremely important what a lot of people do these days is they just waste so much time in the first 30 seconds introducing themself or doing something this is going to apply whether you're doing b to b this is going to apply whether you're doing b to c especially online when people are so used to sales videos at this point maybe like back in 2015 people weren't used to sales videos they weren't used to this but they you really don't have people giving you the time of day especially if their attention spans they are so what i like to do is strongly cut is strongly cut to the chase because at least in my opinion b2b you have to think about the context of the customer who is who's watching this video it's it's probably a business person a person that buys ads that is so used to business videos and people wasting their time that they are going to give you about a minute so what i like to do is i like to make a big huge bold promise and then guarantee it and this is one of the benefits to selling a product that always gets results because then you can do this everything i just stated right there hirose does more importantly instead of focusing on myself for random things i just simply tell them look this is exactly what you're going to gain from this video i guarantee it i don't have any benefit to talk to you because if this doesn't do what i say it does you don't have to pay for it that is such a bold hook because because the reason why this person is watching this video is because they want to make more money from their ads they want to get the result that they're looking for if i go hard and heavy with the result and guarantee it and then show all the results for example in this page there's good 20 results of people getting really really good results with hiros there's huge brands they're going to say all right maybe there's something to this that's what we need to cross right there that's the line we're looking for maybe there's okay maybe there's something to this now look i've spent tens of millions of dollars on ads over the course of my career if you told me what i just told you i'd say where do i sign up as long as i know that it works and two as long as i understood how it works which is what i'm going to accomplish in this video very quickly now first off you're probably thinking this sounds like a bunch of buzz words how do i even know this is real you know it's real because if you look below on this video or you look on this video you're going to see brands like tom bylew's okay the next thing that's very important here is i made this huge crazy promise and now what i'm doing is i'm telling them i'm relating to what they're thinking because when you make big bold promises what most marketers don't do is they don't address that there's an elephant in the room um and the elf in the room is that people think you're full of bs they think you're full of it okay no one trusts anybody and that's exactly how it should be so what you need to do is say look i know what i just told you sounds absolutely nuts i would think the same thing and they go oh okay well maybe this guy's on the same page as me then what i do is say look here's why it's not nuts and i need to prove to them that it's not nuts and kill the cell phone in the room what a lot of people do is they just raise past this and they ask for the sale of the phone call the elephant in the room is still there and what happens is that elephant comes and swats the phone out of the person's hand says this guy's full of crap you need to think of what a customer is thinking think of what a person is thinking before they think it that's literally all that copywriting is and you need to think about what they're going to think and what you need them to think at the end of the video and you need to think about what you're going to say to them and how they're going to react to what you're saying and then how you're going to counter or build on what they're saying in relationship to their goals or their objective which is their objective here is to make more money from their ads if i can just make them understand and truly believe in their heart of hearts that if they sign up for harass they will make more money from their ads and it's risk free then they'll do it so what i need to do right here is i need to knock out the skepticism those impact theory.com using us you're gonna see clickfunnels.com then graziosi and tony robbins mastermind.com you're going to see one of the largest earning funnels of all time on click funnels alex from marsy's gymlaunch.com you're going to see people with large reputations when it comes to running ads such as dan henry using hiros you're even going to see massive influencers like full-time filmmaker who has well over a million followers on youtube using hiros why because it works and if so this is just a quick little thing and it should be abundantly obvious the number one thing you should really set out to do whenever you make a product is when i first and this is just a general business tip when i started hiros for six months i didn't make any money okay all i did was lose money because i knew that in order for people to believe in hirose and start believing in our tracking there had to be results and so for months and months and months i got people on for free and i proved that the system worked is this is this good for making money fast no but and also there's nothing wrong with making money fast and going for cash flow there's two different goals my goal at high risk is not the cash flow super quickly that being said your number one objective when it comes to making a business should be getting people results because that's what actually gets your copy writing to work the reason why this this video works so well is because of all the results and proof that i have so the number one tip i have for you in copywriting is actually make the product good and make it achieve the desired result the person's getting because if you can do that then it's going the copywriting is going to be a million times easier and that should be very clear if you sell something that works it's easier to sell most people don't don't get that okay most products don't really achieve what people are promising make sure it does that and then get lots of proof that it does and then what you're going to be able to do is all the words and skepticism is going to be knocked out what i did there is i said i know you're skeptical here's proof that you're not skeptical and here's more proof and when they're skeptical in the future they're going to come back to that that little pattern i just did if you even have any more doubts you can see all these six seven eight and even nine figure brands below this video and in this video that have used tires to significantly grow their ads much further save a ton of money so this first minute and 30 seconds you need to take away the most powerful sales tactic in the history of anything if you can sit what people sign up for things for is results if you can just actually come out and say and this this usually only applies in b2b usually when you're doing b2c you have to convince people that they want the results okay and that's a little bit longer of a process that's why b2c videos that's why if you see make money online webinars they're so damn long because usually you have to convince the person even that they want to make money online okay and the same thing with fitness and other stuff like that when a person is watching this video they already have one goal that they want to make more money from ads so if i can just say i know what you want this is what you're looking for i'm going to deliver that and if i can just convince them that i can 100 do that they're going to sign up okay especially when i remove the risk at the end of this video and get customers much cheaper because the ai on their ad platforms is more optimized because it's using high-risk print tracking data and if that wasn't enough we guarantee those results because at high risk we have a 90-day happiness-based guarantee meaning if people don't see those results that i just talked about they don't pay so first and foremost this is real this is working and people that you know who are running ads are running this right now so in this first two minutes i achieved something very powerful i proved that everything i'm saying is true that's a great pause i look like a rodent uh anyways uh i can i convinced them that this is true whether they whether they want to sign up for a high risk or not everything i'm saying right here is true they can decide whether tracking and improving their ads and optimizing them and making more money from them are important to them enough but there's no doubt there's no debate whether hyrus works or not at this point in time and so i'm in a very powerful position where everything i say after this is going to be taken in in a much more trustworthy fashion there's not going to be there's not going to be a skepticism wall and the number one thing that stops b2b sales is a skepticism wall okay same thing with b2c but the thing that stops b to c sales is not only skepticism but the desire to actually solve the problem that you want them to solve and b2b usually they know what the problem is they want to solve it and if you can show them just clear-cut ways that they can make more money with your product you're going to crush it that's why i love b2b because for example if i call up an office and i say look i can put this little device in your phones it's going to allow your closers to close five percent more that'll make you a hundred thousand more dollars a year give me ten thousand dollars for it and here's a billion examples that it works you're going to be making ten thousand dollar sales left and right that's the type of product i love to design and look if that's enough for you and you just want to hop on a call and we'll show you exactly how this works and how it will apply to your business you can just go below and click one of the setup buttons that is on this page there's one right so here's something i do that's way different than any other sales call funnel i go for the phone call in the first two minutes nobody does this maybe someone does does it i don't think i'm the first person to go for it but what i what i know in which you should think about when you're running a sales video is the context of who you're talking to a person watching this if they're a qualified customer for hiros they don't have a lot of time they they have a position somewhere they're either buying media or the ceo of a company so i just say like look these are the results we get it's true it works and there's absolutely no risk to signing up and i have no benefit to sell you something that doesn't work because then you'll just refund and then we won't we like it's just a waste of time for everybody so if that's good enough for you and you just want the results just book a call this this kills it our costs we're called plummeted below this video you book a free demo with us we walk you through how the entire software works and we'll even set this up for you so if that's all you need just go book a call with us right now we'll set it up just like all the businesses you've seen on this page and all those big brands now if you want to see how this works and why this works that's what i'm going to explain to you in the rest of the video so i want to point out one thing here that's very very powerful that it's you're not going to notice because the intention is for you not to notice it you're going to never see me saying um are all right or yeah or filling in the blanks in my speech this is super important when you're talking to people because when you're saying um the reason why people say um or fill in the blanks in their speech is because they're insecure i'm not saying you're insecure and you're like a little baby if you do this everybody does this but the reason why you do it is you believe subconsciously that if you stop making noise you're going to lose attention people that are powerful talk like i'm talking right now they're very comfortable not speaking and i'm not doing this intentionally right now with the pauses i'm thinking about what i'm going to say next they're comfortable with silence and really making sure what they say is the exact thing that they're going to say so when you're going and speaking and making sales videos you need to one if you just understand that thought that you're making those noises because you're afraid that people won't listen to you it will help a lot but two what i suggest doing is whenever you say um or you say one of these things that you say all the time you have to say the f word afterwards you're going to stop saying it really quickly because you're just going to say um f okay and i'm not i'm not cussing because of the youtube algorithm and so it's going to make you not able to communicate and so you're going to stop saying um very quickly you have to get good at being silent because it really it it gets you more attention than talking quickly and saying um a lot i used to do it all the time i used to say all right like after at the end of every sentence i was i was like a pokemon with a catchphrase now you probably value your time just like me so i'm going to give you an overview in this video i'm going to go through it pretty quickly and give you the quick version of why this works however if you want the hyper detailed versions of this there's videos on how you can scale how you can save money and how we use ai and even how our tech works below this video so that's a quick little thing i like to do on sales call pages that also nobody else does so when people come to a sales call page usually your sales video is meant for everybody and that's really bad because you're not really going to address anyone's specific concern you're going to be you're going to be speaking to tons of people at the same time what i like to do is i like to make the video very short and to the point and just basically show the benefits and then give them other videos based on the problems they might actually be more interested in and show exactly how i fix that problem so if you go to this page itself by the way like you can go sign up for hiros below you can also go look at my consulting youtube coaching program which actually is like what i'm doing right now times 10. okay multiple businesses that have signed up for that across six to seven figures just by applying my copywriting techniques and connecting it to youtube but what you're going to see on those same those pages which you can go look at afterwards is you're going to see that i provide people not so much in the iron one the consulting one but on the highest one i give them multiple other videos so they can kind of pick their poison they can pick who how they're being sold to so for example a person that's really interested in saving money on their ads there's a money just there's a video just for them a person that's interested in ai optimization of their ads there's a video just for them and so i tell them hey you don't need to watch this video what you could actually do is just skip to the prom you're actually having and i'll tell you all about how to fix that it's extremely powerful on this page yeah so i'm more than happy to go into more detail with you but let me tell you why hirose works so well and how people are able to scale much further save money on their ads and get customers much cheaper with ai because i know so far this probably sounds like buzzwords but it's actually not that complicated it's not that sexy it's actually quite simple let me explain first off my name is oxbecker okay so you can see that i really just laid on the benefits and what i'm saying is true in the beginning of the video there's no point in me introducing myself or showing them things until they know it's true now what my goal is right here is you're going to notice the way that i explain hirose and what it does is extremely simple i could go into the layers of tracking we have and the tech behind it that we've been developing for literally years where i can get into why technically it's better than facebook tracking you could just look at the results but people you need to understand that when you're selling your goal is not to teach people things and that's not in a negative way if you teach someone something like i'm teaching you right now you're probably feeling a little bit confused and overwhelmed that's a sign that you're learning discomfort is a science you're learning that's not a good place for a person to be when they want to buy what you want to do when you're selling something is you want to explain it in a way where the goal is easy understanding and comfortableness with the idea you don't want deep understanding you want an understanding of the core concept because before people buy something first they need to understand that it's true but what they also need to deeply deeply feel is that they get it okay for the reason the reason why people don't buy bitcoin in the big shift between a person buying bitcoin and not buying bitcoin is they get it once a person gets bitcoin they buy tons of it and they don't need to understand no one really understands the deep ways that bitcoin works i understand it pretty well but even i don't okay and i've made a ton of money on bitcoin what you want to do when you're explaining something is you don't go deep into it you need to explain why what people need to know before they buy is they need to have a why if people have a why behind their actions then they can do them much easier people don't just do actions they have to always justify so what i'm about to do here is explain why they should listen to me okay that's why that's why you introduce yourself you don't introduce yourself just so people get to know you you introduce yourself so people know why they should listen to you and then i'm gonna explain hyrus in very simple ways extremely quick easy ways because the person watching this doesn't care about the deep things more importantly if i explain the deep things they'll get confused if they're in a state of confusion they won't book a call i want them to be in a state of comfort and easy understanding so i'm going to keep everything very very simple and that's how you should always sell never go deep into it you can do the deep stuff maybe on the phone call i'm the ceo of hiros and over the course of my career i've grown multiple businesses to seven and eight figures purely using ads i've spent tens of millions of career and frankly there was always one problem that stopped me from growing my businesses it always stopped me from scaling to the next level you can see what i'm doing right here is i introduce myself but i'm also telling a story the reason why you want to tell stories is because you can't tell people certain things you can't make people understand something by telling them to understand it what you need to do is you tell a story that a person can relate to and when you tell a story the person's thinking about themselves i'm telling the story my story which is actually true unlike other sales videos most people tell a story where they came out of a dumpster and then got chased by a bear and that's how they put on 50 pounds of muscle in this story i'm telling them a problem uh that i had and describing the problem and it's a problem that i know they have as well and so this is how we build the connection and they start to understand what hirose does and what it solves so i just said you know hyrus gonna solve that tracking problem you got they're gonna think oh you know tracking if i say man you know this is the problem i had and here's how it affected me and it was just terrible and you know it used to come to my house and pull my pants down at parties they're gonna be like you know i i've felt that same exact way and then when i present the solution and go oh now i understand the solution to how i'm feeling you have to inceptionalize people you can't tell people anything you have to get people to come to the conclusions on their own in their head and that's why stories are so impactful it also wasted hundreds of thousands actually millions of dollars worth of ad spent over my career and it kind of makes me sick to talk about it but i did finally fix this in fact i invested tens of thousands of dollars up front to develop something like hyrus to fix this problem and it was the best investment i ever made because it fixed this problem here's what the problem is add platform tracking data the results and attribution of your sales meaning if you spend one dollar in reports on the sales that were created by that one ad spend it's not accurate you've probably already noticed this and if you're wondering why that's the case there's a video that breaks down all the technical details of ad platform so you can see i did something pretty clever here i'm not going to i did something okay here i hate complimenting myself all right so there are going to be people that watch this so they're technical freaks we get a few of those at high roast that's fine i want them to go somewhere else and sell themselves on their technical stuff so all the technical stuff is actually below this video they can go and actually check that out i'm not going to do that here because it's going to scare away 90 of people but i'm like hey man you know if you're one of the people that has these thoughts going on your head here's a video just for you go scoot over there and then these people will go do that but i but i don't want them or what i want these people also to do here's another thing you want to understand if you say i'll get to it later it's almost as good as solving the problem now this can be used in very misleading ways but if you address what a person's saying like hey i know you're probably thinking what's the technical stuff behind this i completely understand that but that would take me 20 minutes to explain i have it fully answered below for you most people just accept that and they never read the technical stuff okay i'm laughing about it because this is just what i do as well that's what everybody does if you if you address what a person's thinking and then say look i'll solve that later they'll put that problem away most of the time not always but most of the time and so what you want to do with problems that prevent a sale and just take way too much explaining and detract from the overall goal of what you're going to because i want to wrap this up in about seven minutes okay you can see about nine minutes where i really start hammering down the call i want to get through this as fast as possible get to the thing that's actually going to make them buy me talking about the technicals behind it isn't going to make them buy so i graze over it while addressing the problem i'm tracking versus high-risk tracking here's the short of it ad platform tracking is only working with one data point that click from the ad and then what also happens is on mobile phones and on desktop browsers their tracking is constantly being wiped people are changing their devices and long story short it's hard to get an accurate reading of what ad generated what sale or even catch most of the sales coming in in fact when i look at most user sales on average most people are missing 30 to 50 percent of their attributed sales from their ad platforms and long story short this causes inaccurate data for example look at this so look at this it's going to make it clear as day i'm displaying all my hieros tracking results inside of all right so i'm going to kind of skim through the videos of me going through hiros okay but what you're going to see in this is i basically go and i know what my customers i've i presented i've i've convinced a person that what i'm saying is true i've made them understand the problem that they have and that i've that i had the problem too and i've made them go okay i get the problem so now that you're going okay i have this problem too that this the same guy has and this same guy fixed it what i'm gonna do now when i show the demo is i i need to understand the three things the customer is most interested in and what i show them is me fixing these three things so when i brought this problem what most people are thinking about and i i this video is based on me just watching hiros customers and watching them talk is they care about making more money on their ads they care about not wasting money on their ads and they care about their ads being more effective in getting customers cheaper that's solved at highrose the first two easily so i demonstrate that i show in this first one right here all right here's me literally going and missing tons of money making opportunities because i didn't see the sales on the net i had one ad that was putting out a 500 roi and i didn't invest in it because i couldn't see the sales coming in then i show them the next problem they have okay here's how you save money look at all these ads i spent money on it didn't actually generate an roi but i spent money on them because i couldn't see all my sales coming in and they sometimes worked they sometimes didn't so i assumed sales was coming from them i also go and total this up i want i want to not show what i'm doing right here but i want to explain what i do is i total up how much money they can gain and they can and they are losing okay so for example if they if they're spending 100 thousand a month on ads i show them hey look if you see the correct data coming in you'll easily be able to make an extra 20 on ads that's an extra 20 000 a month and people do this all the time what i'm doing right here i want to stress that you can use exactly what i'm doing here to blow smoke up people's butts i want to stress what i'm doing here at hiros is i'm showing people the low ends i've seen people double triple their business when they come to the house but i'm not going to tell people that you really don't want to work with crazy results like that either because then what happens is people think you're crazy if i just put out something very reasonable and i do i do basic math you're doing you're spending 100 000 a month on ads to do a 2x ry so look if you see the right sales data coming in you can start investing more and the right ads easily increase your business by 15 to 20 percent now look at all that money i waste on here i'm spending 6 000 a day and i'm wasting 2 000 a day of it you can see it right here and then i show proof of me turning off all the bad ads and then making the same amount so i just took 60 000 a month or actually yeah 60 000 a month in savings just by turning these ads off with your business spending 100 000 a month that's an easy extra 10 to 20 000 a month and then finally if you plug this all in the ai and you find the right customers that's easily going to reduce your cost per customer 10 to 15 that's another 15 to 20 000 a month and when i'm on a sales call with people and when i'm doing this video i break down these numbers because these numbers aren't unreasonable if you move the needle in a few directions with ads this is what happens so what i do in this video is i break that down i see look if you have 1 000 per month business let's take away that 60 000 a month extra you make let's just take it down to 20 000. reasonable low end that's an extra two hundred thousand dollars a year saved and gained in your pocket combined do you want that two hundred thousand dollars yeah you do so why don't you book a call and we'll show you how to get that and then hi-ros is a fraction of that if you sign up for hirose spending a hundred thousand a month it's gonna cost you one percent of that extra money that you made that's the after i prove what i'm saying is true once i've identified the problem the person's having then once i prove it can be fixed and i use the math behind it to justify it i am hitting them emotionally because they're afraid of loss and not not getting what they want and also logically at the same time and this is where the pitch hits this is where the pitch hits because it's just like i put i push put if it's a hundred thousand a month uh ad spend business i just put 200 000 extra year on the table i said do you want it i go yeah and i go good because if you sign up for i actually go for the call again midway once i've made this point it becomes very obvious what i'm doing about seven minutes in i put the 200 000 on the table okay and i said do you want it and they say yeah i say good because i guarantee you're gonna get that or you don't pay for hiros and they go what that's that's what i do at this point right here i'm not really gonna you can go and actually watch the rest of this video if you click the page below but what i do for the rest of the video after i prove the point and show it being solved with hiros is the entire pitch is look there's 200 000 on the table hyrus has a 90 day refund guarantee if you aren't happy you don't even even if you see results if you're not happy you don't pay for it here's hundreds of here's not hundreds below this but there are hundreds of people on high risk who've gotten these results here's a countless amount of people people you know big brands that are saying this is true as well so why don't you hop on a call and worst case scenario we get on the call and we look at your tracking and we we help you out we point out where you might be having gaps but more importantly on the call you're not going to be closed you're not going to be hard closed because frankly if we can't get you results and we don't believe we can help you there's no point for us to sell to you because then you're going to refund and we're going to waste all our time teams time so let's take a look at your business let's find out where the gaps are and you're losing money and then let's make you that extra 200 000 and if you don't make it you don't pay for it how does that sound i'm selling a person a hundred dollar bill for twenty dollars and also that twenty dollars is risk free a person that wants to make more money from their ads which is the target customer of this video and you're gonna see me do this for the rest of the video i'm just going to start breaking down math of how much money they're losing how much money they could gain and then showing them basically like you're just a goof troop like you could make an extra 10 this year just hopping on a call and letting us plug hyrus in for you that's the position you want people to be in where it is completely illogical and goofy for them not to take you up on it it'd be like dude there's 200 000 on the table are you going to walk around walk across the room pick it up we will carry you to the 200 000 if you want and if for some reason you can't pick it up it's too heavy or something you don't lose anything you could just sit here and spread out sprawl out and just say yes we'll pick you up we'll take you to it why would you not take us up on that that's how if you look at the end of your pitch and you can't think man it would be illogical it'd be insane for someone not to hop on a call if they if they're a target customer insane it'd be pointless why would you not then you're in a good place if you can't say that that's when you're going to have trouble that's when you're going to have trouble this is a breakdown of the sales video i only want to do this first because what you're going to see at the end of the sales video is kind of a closing pattern and if you guys if enough people post yes below i'll make a video on the closing pattern okay enough people comment and put yes below if we get 200 yeses because this channel doesn't get as many views as my other channel i'll make the closing video okay but you can also just go watch this video i'll actually just add the rest of this video to this video so you can watch the rest of it and then i'll do a breakdown the closing pattern if you guys want me to that being said guys this has been alex becker i'm going to leave the video right now i'll let you watch the rest of it because the closing pattern right here is something you can easily recreate it's it's very simple okay you can just watch it and just do exactly what i'm doing right here the magic is this that also being said look if if what i described here with high risk tracking you you you relate to that why don't you come book a call for hires below and we we can make you that extra money like it's we guarantee it we literally guarantee it also if you want help with your ads and you want actual coaching on me you want me to you want to go through and see everything i'm doing my businesses from the ads the copywriting of the ads how i run them how i bid and buy the ads how i make videos like this generate an extra 20 30 000 per day uh for my business go and also sign up for a consulting call with me below we'll we'll talk about exactly how you can go and get your ads on youtube all the copyright behind it how you can scale your ads on facebook as well everything and if you go and click that video below you'll see just like i talked about i endless amount of results of people have gone six and seven figure results so that being said this has been alex i hope you enjoy the rest of the video chill man take it easy i'll see you around this means literally that you're going to turn off ads that are actually generating you a lot of profit you just can't see the profit coming in you're going to go and invest money in ads that are actually not generating you profit through false reporting of sales that didn't actually happen or just not being sure of what ads you can turn off and then finally you're going to take all this data and you're going to feed this back to your ad platform ai like you are already doing and this is going to give your ad platform ai bad data when an ai gets bad data it is not as accurate as it could be and because of that it's going to use this bad data and become less efficient at finding new customers and when an ai is less efficient at finding new customers it costs more to acquire a customer because because the targeting is not accurate it's not as on point as it needs to be and to put it in the most simple way possible that is exactly what hirose fixes it takes all those problems puts them in a box and smashes them with a hammer and says you never have to deal with this ever again because what it does is it uses print tracking to give you the highest level of ad attribution possible when you see this this means you're working with correct data and when you have correct data you're going to make correct ad buying decisions this means you're going to spot the ads that are actually making you money and keep investing on them thus increase your scale you're going to clearly see the ads that are wasting your money and turn them off thus eliminating waste and you're going to pass this data back from hyrus and our print tracking system into your ad platform ii's on the ad platforms you're using which are the big ones and this will make your ais better and allow you to get customers cheaper and this is all done without you making any changes in your business in fact it takes a couple minutes to set up if you're new to it it takes seconds if you know what you're doing and by the way our entire staff of analysts knows what they're doing and they'll help you set this up literally same day you could have it done literally after this video if you book a call with us today and when people poke a call with us and have us set up hirus with them you've seen the results all over the page you've seen the big brands doing this and the reason why you see so many people hopping on hyrus the reason why we can guarantee these results with our 90-day guarantee is because on the low end the average user that comes and completes setup with iris is able to scale at least 20 percent further on the low end they're able to save at least 15 of their ad spend and once you have the data coming in the ai becomes more efficient by default and that is such a huge advantage when it comes to buying ads and is so much more roi and revenue in your pocket think about it take how much money you spend every single year in ads and then also think about the standard roi even on a low end business it's only spending a hundred thousand a year on ads at a 2x roi the savings and gain is immense at that 2x roi if you're able to scale just 20 percent further that's 40 000 in extra revenue they're going to make per year and with the savings of 15 that's an extra 15 000 per year put back in the businesses pocket as pure profit because it's not being spent on ad spend anymore without any losses and sales and then when you go and cut the cost to acquire a customer from the ads by using this data with ai i'm not even going to give you any more numbers i don't want to hype this up anymore i think you can look at the potential right there and that's potential again that we guarantee that's potential that so many other people that you've already seen on this page and we can show you literally a folder with hundreds of more testimonials have gotten and that's all from taking two seconds to book a free demo with us and having us set up highrose for them again zero changes to their business and hiros can take minutes to set up this is why as an ad runner a media buyer to someone who is also a media buyer at least buying a lot of ads for the business i'm begging you right now go below and click the setup now button book a free call with us you will hop on the call this is not going to be some high pressure call where we try and force hyrus on you we're going to look at your business and we're going to look at what you want to accomplish do you want to scale further do you want to save money you want to have ai optimization on your business so you get customers cheaper we'll take that into account and then look at your business the tools you're using the systems you're using and see exactly how we could plug hyrus into it and actually go and accomplish those goals for you we'll look at your business and say this is where you can get massive gains from this is where you get massive gains from on top of that if we're a bad fit we'll just tell you we're a bad fit however if we are a good fit we'll say also iris would be a really good fit for you and by the way we can guarantee that good fit or you don't pay would you be interested in coming on hiros and us setting this up for you without any changes to your business and us helping you set this up often in minutes same day after people come on and then being guided on how to use hiros to get these type of results for your business if that sounds good to you boom you hop on hiros done deal let's get going let's go and achieve all these things we've talked about in this video and at that point that's it you're on the same exact track of all the big businesses you've seen on this page all the six seven and eight and nine figure businesses are reporting all the results that i've talked about in this video and if you're unsure about anything on this demo you'll be able to see hiros live in action we'll show you us using it on ad accounts show you us using it on every major platform show us using it on all different types of business types e-commerce webinars sales call funnels info products you name it we've set up hiros for it and you'll be able to grill us and ask us any question they can any type of information that you want to get on it and if it sounds good to you there's an absolutely no pressure chance for you to just hop on and have this set up for you and again at high res it's very important to us that all of our customers are good fits for us too so if you're not a good fit and we don't believe that we can guarantee your results we'll just tell you and that's it while also showing you exactly where you can save a ton of money on your ads and skill even further without using hyrus because we know enough about ad accounts the spot where the waste and scale opportunity is go below this video click the setup now button and book a call if you want more details you want to get more detailed explanations on how we get these results there are three videos below this video that will talk about how we scale how we save money and how we use ai to optimize our ads if you have specific tech questions are you one of the people that needs all the little tiny details before booking a call at the bottom of this page is a clear faq section it breaks down things like why are tracking works better than ad platform tracking why we're better than other solutions and everything else you could possibly be wondering and on that note that's all i have for you in this video at hiros i am so proud of what we've built here i'm so proud of all the results we've gotten all of our customers and frankly i'm so pumped of how it's turned out because every single day we get to work on our mission which is building technology that makes profitable decisions clear for digital business owners and i can't wait for you to come on board hirose and be a part of that mission with us so that being said the spin alex becker i'm the ceo of hiros please go book a call with us below it's going to help your business out so much we guarantee that no literally we like i've said a million times in this video we have a 90-day guarantee if you're not 100 thrilled with high-rose you have literally an entire quarter to make sure it's for you and to make sure that you're going to get the exact results that i've talked about in this video so i'll see in the next few videos or hopefully i'll just see you on the next page as you book a call take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: HOLY...THESE TINY AD FUNNELS MAKE 30k DAILY
VIDEO ID: ON7qL3w1Ipw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON7qL3w1Ipw
================================================================================

hyrulians this 2021. we're going to do the same exact thing we did last year i'm going to give you the best ad content you've ever got and today i'm going to simply give you what is in the title of this video i'm going to show you the best funnels to be running on youtube ads and unlike people who hype stuff up and like this is the best thing ever i'm just going to show you from my experience one of these funnels uh actually was generating almost nearly on some days a hundred thousand dollars per day and this other funnel that i've used a lot is routinely pumping out for at least my business around twenty to thirty thousand dollars back a day off about almost two thousand dollars an ad spend so they're really good but of course it's about how the funnels work and how they interact altogether but if you're going to be running ads on youtube or on facebook these are the best from everything that i've seen across hiros myself being the ceo of that i'm not going to talk about anything that our clients are doing but of course i have a pretty good thumb on the pulse of the industry from what i've seen every single time i see a really successful business running on youtube they're running one of these so without further ado we're just going to hop straight into this and so without further ado this and by the way as you watch this video if you want to get actually coaching or training or consulting on this i'm going to teach you everything i know in this video but if you'd like more of that book a call with me below my team we can actually help you get set up on youtube as well but more importantly let me show you this works okay guys so i said i was going to talk about a few of the best funnels but there's really only one funnel i think you should really be looking at and considering and if you can't do this funnel i think you should take the reasons why this funnel works and take it to as much hard as you can every single person who i know that has made a hundred million dollars plus from ads and this isn't this is a hyperbole statement they run this funnel now of course there's other examples but most commonly the people that do it the easiest for example i have a really good friend i'm not going to name him if you're in the marketing world you might know who he is he's not he's not a mmo slash make money online marketer just does something for businesses make close to i'm just going to say a number because you'll guess if i give you the number he made over 80 to 100 million dollars in sales and he barely ran any money on ads it was next to nothing and what i'm going to show you in this video is i'm going to be straight up with yet hi-ros and iron my consulting business we really don't run many ads i'm shocked by it because i consistently spend about a thousand to it max 3 000 a day on ads usually around about 2 000 and routinely i'm going to do about and of course there's going to be hard costs of the business and everything else that comes with it i'm just talking about add roi cash in same day i'm usually going to be doing anywhere between 15 to sometimes as much as 35k a day off it's absolutely bonkers and i've never had a funnel that works like this before i had a webinar funnel when i was running h-com but i'd be spending 15 to 25k a day back and i'd say the roi on that when everything was said and done was anywhere between 35 on a good day where we had good margins and what that 50k a day okay and this is hard to do and not sustainable this right here i'm it's like i'm driving a car and i'm i'm barely having my phone on the gas this right here man i'm putting uh alcohol in the engines and i'm drunk at the same it's it's risky endeavor so let's talk about this and if you've probably seen any of my funnels you know their sales call funnels but i want to show you the two types of funnels that i run and why they're very very different let me tell you first why sales call funnel works and i'm going to show you my phone highros which i think is it's magnificent okay i've never had anything that pumps up this high of an roi i'm gonna break down why that works here in a second but you need to understand why sales call funnels are just basically the best thing for paid ads so look a lot of people think paid ads the goal is to make money now that's true that's true but the goal of ads really is to cover ad costs to get people into your business this is where the golden goose is everyone who doesn't make a lot of money thinks like this everybody who does make a lot of money thinks like this for example not a famous quote from russell brunson but i know he runs his ads just like this and he says all the time the goal of click funnels with their advertising is just to get people in to their business without losing money and that's not even in the clickfunnels just into the community okay so if they spend a hundred dollars and if they make 110 that's a phenomenal roi absolutely absolutely fantastic this is how clickfunnels grew into a giant company uh if you look at most sas companies or most tech companies how they run is for example hubspot let's imagine a person pays 100 a month over there they're willing to spend twelve hundred dollars to get that person in because they know the person is going to stay over two years so they don't make their money back 2x until two years in which if you look at an investment standpoint it's phenomenal we're just really short sighted here in internet marketing and ad buying the best way to make a return on ad spend is to maximize the amount you make from the buyers the way you do that is like this for example let's say we get a thousand people come into a funnel okay we're paying ten dollars per person we just paid ten thousand dollars so getting seven percent of these people seven percent of this which is actually pretty low actually we'll even crank it up if we get ten percent of these people to buy let's just say a fifty dollar product so we get a hundred people to buy a fifty dollar product we made five thousand dollars that's not five thousand this isn't great which is weird because this conversion rate right here is insane i've never gotten a 10 conversion even on like a seven dollar product okay i have but it was like doing a launch and doesn't count that's not how ads work if we get a thousand people to come in and we get three of them to buy a 5 000 product we just made a 50 roi it's not hard to get a 0.003 conversion rate it is extremely hard extremely hard to go and get a 10 conversion rate this is why it works better with ads this is the simple basic reason why i almost actually i haven't ran a low ticket product in almost six years because it doesn't work very well it's really hard to do and i don't like hard things because i'm kind of stupid so why do sales call funnels work the best it's very simple if we get a thousand people to come into a funnel specifically if it's like b2b or b2c i would say there's probably about 20 people who are capable of buying this very very high ticket product that you're going to sell in a sales call funnel now in order to maximize if we do like a webinar funnel or a sales video or just send them to a sales video it's just not going to convince these people and to get someone to buy something very expensive they usually need to be sold to specifically so you can listen to them and see what they're looking for and then sell them what they're looking for and i'm not i'm not saying in a scuzzy way for example at hiros a person might have an e-commerce business or a webinar business they might have certain problems that they have there's different other businesses and so we need to ask them what problems you are okay yeah my webinar sales i can't track the ltv and i'm really trying to get the ltv of my opt-ins okay you can easily do that in hi-ros oh okay great i'll buy or hey i just can't see where my sales are coming from for example i run my ads and 30 to 50 percent of sales are missing in the ad managers so i can't make good decisions okay well you know high risk fixes that instantly or hey you know the ai isn't finding me customers well enough okay well hyrus fixes that instantly because we sent data back over so it's it's very easy for us to talk to the person figure out what they're looking for and we can easily sell them something at a very high value that's why it's a very simple concept you can't do this with a webinar you can't do this with a sales video now are those more low effort and more automated yeah of course but again the goal of an ad and this is where the real juice in a sales call funnel comes from is to get people opted into the business because then you can do all sorts of marketing all sorts of marketing for example at hcom a lot of the money didn't come from the initial ads it came from the people who opted into the ads now that also being said if we need a person opt-in and then we have a sales call funnel which is really the only funnel i think can do like a forex cash roi easy i don't see other funnels doing that and i see a lot of funnels other ones that are exceptions this rule yeah i'm sure there might be someone in the comments but like i had a book funneled it pumped out of 10x roi that's fantastic most funnels i see the big ones the big webinar funnels they're probably doing a 2x roi max most of them break even most low ticket funnels i see they lose money and then they make money in the back end all the sales call funnels i see it's just clown mode okay again one of the most profitable ones i ever saw y'all saw he barely ran ads and that's how you want your business to be now i'm probably pretty sure that you've seen a sales call funnel before by the way everything i go into here if you want us to actually look at your sales call funnel and kind of show you how we run ads you can book a consultation with me below and we'll just literally walk through how i'm doing this on youtube and facebook on the call that also being said with these funnels the most imperative thing is tracking if you run a sales call funnel or a webinar funnel or you have a long sales funnel you probably already see that most of your sales don't end up in the ad manager at least you're missing 30 40 percent of them track it with highrose because if you're going and this is just a general tip for sales call funnels because if you're watching this you might have one or our long-term funnel look if you have three ducks one two three and one of them is pumping out a 400 roi one of them is pumping out a 50 roi another one's pumping out 150 ry you need to know which ones are because if they're if you're going and spreading them equally based on the opt-in which is what most people do or some general other stat that's not based around roi you're silly because you could literally just cut this guy off you could cut this guy off and you could just quadruple down on this guy and your business is now way more profitable growing much faster simply by doing nothing okay and then you push this back to the ai your ai gets smarter and then that's the pixels that you're working with and then you get customers much cheaper it calls much cheaper and it just works and you should do it and if you're not tracking properly especially with the sales component where you can't even see the sales inside of facebook and youtube i can't tell you how many people i know with sales call funnels that don't track based on roi they trapped on it they track based on cost per call and often it's insane because if you're doing that then you're optimizing for the cheapest people that will book calls which is not your best customer i have call funnels where the calls are 400 a call and they absolutely just wreck shop okay so let's discuss this right here this is my first sales call funnel this one works really well i'm going to show you the one that works best but if you're doing info marketing or some type of like consulting where you're doing an ad agency or maybe you're like helping specific types of businesses this is what i would suggest doing and i'll talk about when to run what i'm using for hirose next so look it's just a basic opt-in right here person comes in books gmail.com and they move on to the next page so i'm going to give you just a few cents on this what i love to do on this type of call funnel right here is i basically have as short as video as i possibly can i want to get it done in about 10 minutes below i don't i don't really don't like linking these things below the video so you just can kind of go figure it out to yourself but you can just see right here this is basically just a seven minute sales video okay and actually i'll upload the sales video as a private link below this uh just on the channel i'll just put like a sales video example section so this thing works really really well and what's going to happen is about 10 minutes in the person gets the book a call then they're going to go a very simple call page like this and they just book a call with my rep and they go through this is what works if you look at some other funnels they're so complicated upsells down cells you got these webinar funnels are crazy i'm really good at them but they're just crazy this works absolutely fantastic and so i would really suggest running this if you're specifically youtube ads and this on facebook like this is just this is just what you should do in 2021 and if you can't do you should find some way to sell the most expensive product you possibly can on your front end to cover your ad costs and you can make all your money in your back end this is why i absolutely love this funnel now let me show you the real golden goose because i love this one because what you should try to do on your funnels when you're running ads is you want to remove as many parts as possible usually with this opt-in funnel this works really well the one i just showed you because this is how you run it and this works better with my info product you want to run the opt-in funnel with info products because what you're doing is usually the person's already seen what you're selling you're not selling a unique opportunity for example if you're selling seo you're selling some some course or something like that there's a thousand other things out there so you kind of have to lure them in and really kind of work on them and so you want to run the ad to the opt-in and what's going to happen is they're going to see the first video and you might actually make money just from there but where it really becomes easy is if you have an email sequence that just goes on for months and you just keep sending them valuable content with a link to buy or a link to book a call and i mean if you send really good content to people eventually they're just going to book a call with you because they opt in in the first place because they're interested in what you're offering they're interested at least in the results if you just prove that you're the right guy you're trustworthy and can deliver the results over and over again by sending them really high value packed videos which is what i'm doing to you right now you're not stupid um [Music] but let's also be frank if you're a high roast user you make more money from your advertising you upgrade your account and you pay us more let's just be frank with what i'm doing here and that's why i'm just telling you i'm just giving you the farm right here because i want your ad accounts to grow because then you're going to run in the tracking issues and then you're going to use hyrus to solve them and we're all going to win you're going to make more money i'm going to make more money and then we can go hang out and have a birthday party somewhere i'm not coming to your birthday party you probably don't want me there i'm i'm i'm a real wet blanket anyways so just some general two cents on funnels so if you look at this page right here it's literally just a single page and what you want to do if you're in a b2b business is specifically where you have something unique and you can guarantee results like i do at highrose for example we have a 90 day refund guarantee if you don't increase your ad roi which is up to you or you're not happy with the results you just don't pay okay so that allows me to make just this crazy offer where we're going to increase your ad roi you don't pay this is essential with with b2b call funnels if you can't guarantee a result and you're doing b2b that's just weird okay uh that also being said we scroll down right here what i like to do on a b2b sales call funnel that works very well is you can see i have a very short video the the pitch the book a call actually comes out about 45 seconds in and all i try to really do in a b2b video is i try to show people the opportunity loss that they're missing and this is essential for ads b2b you don't ever want to sell some mysterious like benefit you want to be very simple i'm selling you a hundred dollar bill for twenty dollars a person signs up for hiros they stand for high uh iron the entire pitch is like look you can make a hundred dollars if you pay us twenty dollars you can make more money from your ads you can make more money from your business with youtube ads tracking and if you don't you don't pay us and that just works great because i can back up all the results i have more results with youtube ad coaching than anybody ever and then hyrus the results are ridiculous so that's what you want to do if you're in that type of position you can describe your business like that don't go for the opt-in go and run a single page and then show people your results and then make it very clear that you're selling a hundred dollar bill for twenty dollars okay they can just come on and they will get the results that they're looking for which is making more money from their things all businesses want to grow all businesses want to grow so if you can go and make that case very strongly and guarantee it just shoot for that as long as you can make the case and clearly show that you can do it and make them understand the case okay so just a one-page funnel and then what i like to do on this actual funnel right here is i like to give everybody everything all at once so you can see what i do is i make the case up here and then what i do is i show basically specific instances because the person looking at this page probably has specific problems and so what i do is i say hey look if you want to see it actually in action go check out these specific videos on these things that being said this main video right here makes the case and if that's all i need to make it's a seven minute video goes 14 minutes breaking down what's going to be on the call but you can just skip all this stuff right here and go there because most of the time b2b businesses or owners they're not going to watch a 30 minute but you can't even get me to watch a 7 minute cat video that way you're going to get me to watch a video on ad tracking for seven minutes come on that's what i like to do for b2b and unique b2b businesses look if you're selling seo you're selling the same exact thing that everybody else is you might actually be able to pull off the single page thing but if you're selling info marketing you're selling make money online courses you're selling like fitness courses you're probably gonna need to run the opt-in call funnel instead and again you're probably thinking well you know i don't feel comfortable selling a two thousand five thousand ten thousand dollar product you should and this doesn't have to be your core product you need to sell one of your higher level products up first because then you can get everybody in via the opt-in and you can sell your lower level products first them and you can send them through these sequences which is where the real money is the goal of ads the goal of the offer yourself formats is to pay for the ad if you can break even on the ad while getting people in you are a dynamo you are awesome you should you should have a small parade if you can make money like a two three x roi or doing it well then you're as cool as me and you can come to my secret squirrel club it's it's a tree house outside my apartment it's actually made of boxes and it's really cool it's for secret scrolls only you don't want to go there it kind of smells but that being said guys this is the lesson for today i just want to break down how these funnels work to you and make them make you really aware of them because when i look at hirostats when i look at my stats when i look at all the funnels i've ran throughout the years this thing just dominates and i can't imagine running any other funnels because they're so tough webinar funnels are tough um they work though they work like crazy okay i was able to scale the hcom funnel past a million dollars per month some months that's it what that's insane lower ticket funnels i'm not talented enough to do that if you can do that you should come up here and teach instead and then sales call funnels i've worked very very very hard on the highest funnel and the whole reason it works very very well is because also we always deliver results or people don't pay for them makes it easy to sell it so just keep that in mind so that being said guys if you're interested in learning more about this or applying this to your business number one why not just book a call with me if you have a sales call phone or an info funnel we can connect it to youtube ads and you'll make significantly more about if you don't if you don't believe me go click the consultation link below and see literally some of the hundreds of businesses that i've gotten significant results i'm not talking like hey oaks is really nice and i like them i mean like their business came in and they're making a lot more money now if you want to actually track your ads and you want to run your ads correctly and make the correct most profitable decisions while turning off the unprofitable ads click the link below this video it will give you a demo of hyrule so we'll show you everything we do and i literally guarantee that if you sign up for hirose you will see an roi increase in your ads or we just give you your money back that's it that also being said subscribe this channel i'm uploading about three to four times a week here i give away all the ad content i can in about 12 to 15 minutes for the very simple reason is if you're my customer you're not my customer if you make more money from ads you're going to want to become a customer or you're going to increase your high rose account so i'm just going to tell you everything i know and i know quite a bit so subscribe i'll just keep telling it to you it's been becker i'll catch you next video [Applause] foreign

================================================================================
TITLE: URGENT : YOUTUBE ADS ARE CRUSHING FACEBOOK IN 2021
VIDEO ID: UPNxJeDrx18
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPNxJeDrx18
================================================================================

since the dawn of time since the days of achilles since the day of caesar octavius and marcus aurelius there has been one question on the minds of human beings what is the best ad platform who will get you the cheapest people to your website to buy things in an efficient way that's literally caesar quote from him right here uh look it's 2021. you're probably wondering should i use facebook should i use youtube i have scaled businesses to eight figures on youtube and facebook i have helped multiple people scale to six seven and eight figures on facebook and youtube i own hiros which helps people track their ads correctly to get a higher roi and then combine that with the ai on facebook and youtube to optimize your ads get even higher roi so i can kind of see what's happening across the entire industry across almost every single niche so when i tell you in this video i'm going to tell you which platform is better in 2021 well i got a lot of data points and so it's probably going to be closer to true than it's not or at least better than all the other people screaming like this is the best thing we're going to use data and what you're going to see in this video is that they are better at certain things depending on your business depending on the type of funnel you run depending on what you're selling it's sometimes better to start on facebook other times it's better start on youtube and so i'm going to be breaking it all down for you in this video that being said i can only get this so much in a 15 minute video so if you'd actually like help with your ads my team and i have actually helped multiple businesses scale to six figures seven figures eight figures actually hundreds of businesses at this point you can click below and see all the results you can book a call with us and we will actually help you scale your ads as well and we'll hop in a strategy call with you and actually show you everything you need to do to scale your ads on youtube which i think is a little bit of a better traffic source this year by about 25 percent let me show you why all right guys so let's just get down to it we're talking about what is going to be the best traffic source of 2021 and if you want my overwhelming decision i'm going to give it to you at the end of this video but you have to ask yourself with these two traffic sources youtube or facebook what niche are you in and i'm going to cover the niches in this video i'm going to cover kind of my predictions but these aren't predictions i see the stats every day and it's really obvious here's what you need to know all right it depends on what niche you're in whether you're in e-commerce or in a certain niche inside of e-commerce i'll get into certain niches that are very different or if you are in high ticket infield marketing which would be sales call funnels where you're selling an 8k product et cetera or if you're in consulting okay and so i want to talk about these three because these are really you if you run an online business you probably fall into one of these categories all right so so first things first let's talk about youtube for info businesses okay so look when you're running an info business you have to understand that youtube is by far the most superior traffic source for info marketing period okay so for example if you check out the page below i'm not saying sign up or book a call for iron but when you do check out that page you'll see countless businesses that are in info marketing that have crossed the six and seven figure market is primarily fueled by youtube on top of that when i look at hiros every single day the businesses that are crushing the most on youtube are going to be info business now does this mean ecommerce and other businesses won't crush it no it's because when people are watching youtube they're in an info-consuming mood they're there usually to learn if you're catching them on youtube now there's there's definitely circumstances on youtube where people are not there to learn but you need to compare the state that the person is in when they're on facebook versus the state that a person is when you grab them with an info ad or a education ad on youtube on youtube they're actively watching something on facebook they're in the line at whole foods doing something else it's it's very easy to understand why they convert so much better to webinar funnels and why they convert so much better to sales call funnels i'll be getting into these funnels actually in the next video we're going to be trying to release about three to four videos a week in the next video i'm going to be talking about the best sales funnels for youtube and facebook right now so the reason why i can say this is because when i scaled one of my info businesses i was spending anywhere from 15 to 25 000 per day and i'm going to tell you straight up that when i was spending this amount of money right here the returns on youtube were significant so for example if i was spending 15 25 k a day what would usually happen is when we did everything back when did all the payment plans completions whatever we're usually doing about 40 to 50k back a day okay and of course there'd be all sorts of other hard costs and businesses and stuff like that so we could probably lower this down to i don't know 30 to 40ish k a day on good days so i don't want to use big imaginary numbers that's about what we were doing around this time so that being said when i run these same exact ads on facebook i would get a much lower return that's why i think if you're an info marketer right now and you're running ads on facebook it's just silly because i think the number one reason why they perform so much better is that key they're already watching something mentality and info is sold with sales videos okay info is sold with sales videos people don't know who tai lopez is because of his facebook ads they know who he is because of his youtube ads so that's what you need to focus on right here 2021 by far if you're in an info business and you're not running youtube ads you are missing out on growing your info business immensely because what's going to probably happen now that all the election and everything is over hopefully the us is about to go like this and with that comes the demographic that buys info the most that's going to be your uh people that's going to be your middle class to slightly upper class incomes okay the people that have lots of money right now they're probably not buying info okay now don't get me wrong info is doing quite well right now however as soon as the nation starts to take up again which i believe is about to happen it's just going to explode and you want to be in a position to double down on that with youtube now let's talk about e-commerce the e-commerce that works really well on youtube there's two types of them there's high ticket e-commerce which is for example people may be selling solar power are really high ticket items okay so you might see people selling solar panel ads where you put panels in your house they have to be expensive because it doesn't really work you should check out my video that i'm going to link to right below this video i'll link to a few of them but it explains the type of products that work on youtube and why they usually need to be high ticket if you're selling little 30 dollar trinkets or the general things that you see people selling in e-commerce it usually doesn't work out very well okay so first off if you're running high-ticket e-commerce you want to be on youtube okay it's because again you're going to need sales videos and sales calls to sell these things and this is superior now if you are also running what i like to call entertainment e-commerce so if you're looking at makeup if you're looking at e-commerce products that tie in the channels with mass thousands amounts of views for example what's interesting right now is if you look at all the crypto channels that are blowing up if you were selling like wallet devices or things that help people stow their crypto that's a form of e-commerce now we do exceptionally well because the channels are blowing up however if you're selling weird off things like cat food bowls and whatnot that could actually do really well on youtube as well now that i think about it i've seen examples like that what you need to think about when you're running ecommerce on youtube and i see this all the time with people where it works and people where it doesn't work is you need to look at how many people are routinely watching videos that relate to your e-commerce product it's not really like facebook where you can easily go and target people based on their interest and then they just buy i don't know hats or something like that it's gonna be hard to sell those however if you're selling things that relate to the entertainment videos on youtube that does very very well now if you're outside those niches for example if like i was in the camping niche on youtube that probably wouldn't do very well because it's really hard to find mass amounts of views talking about camping it's really hard to find mass amounts of views where people are talking about air purifying machines yes the views are there but they're not there in mass okay you can probably target people that are interested in health and wellness way better on facebook and then sell them these devices that works a lot better and so if you're not in a niche where you can easily make the connection facebook is the reigning king of e-commerce okay you just that that's just what you should know about that now for consulting again it's another catch-22 because i've ran extremely profitable funnels actually run two extremely profitable funnels that are consulting funnels right now somewhat we could say this is also consulting in sas so at the moment i run hybros uh which is our software company which works for high level ad runners okay so basically a person plugs in the high roast they instantly are able to get like a 15 20 percent higher roi due to the tracking and optimization we provide that's kind of more almost like a consulting service because we sell something very high ticket and we sell it through a sales call funnel on youtube if i'm running these type of ads i don't get the same type of easy conversions that i do on facebook now don't get me wrong hirose ads work really really well on youtube for us but they're much much easier to run on facebook as far as my iron consulting program i run a little bit of ads on that and it's just they perform far better far better on facebook and the reason for this is i can't particularly explain it i think it's just generally a lot easier to target small demographics on facebook okay so think about like this if you go look at the targeting for youtube what you're going to run into is it's very broad mass market this is the big difference between these traffic sources youtube is purely mass market marketing and so it's really easy to scale from a thousand to 25 000 a day it's totally possible to do i've done it before if you're in a mass market the thing is if i want to target people that specifically run ads or people that specifically maybe like contractors for homes very hard to do if i want to target like gym owners very hard to do facebook's as simple as going in and targeting people that fall into that demographic and have ceo owner something in their job title and are the heads of facebook ad groups and so it's really easy to run in these niches if you're spending one thousand two thousand dollars a day me extremely profitable that's just something you have to keep in mind this works incredibly incredibly well on facebook so i'm saying right now so i'm saying right now that while it's true that you can totally run consulting in sas ads on youtube the easiest place to get started is going to be facebook that's what i've seen many many times that being said if you understand how to tap into and make your ads work on youtube you can run youtube consulting and sas ads just fine i do this all day it's just a bit more challenging and so here's what i suggest you do in this instance if you're in this category if you're in this category right here you're probably already on facebook or if you're thinking about getting started start on facebook to get your copies and your funnel and everything that goes into what you're doing right okay and then what you want to do as soon as you cap out in traffic on facebook because here's what's going to happen when you get the thousand two thousand dollars per day it actually starts to get quite hard to target business owners now i'm not saying you can't do it you can definitely scale further than that but you start facing a lot of resistance and the easiest way to get past this resistance is then take it to youtube take your perfected funnels and then start slapping it on placements start slapping it and really layered intent audiences for example and i'm gonna you should check out our youtube guide that's on the channel i'll link to that below as well that's going to break down intent audiences and scaling and whatnot and what you then do from there is you make those layered intent audiences for example people are in advertising and marketing layered with people that make over 50 000 per year so you don't want to get people that are below that because they obviously aren't business owners and that works really well as well and so if you actually go and look at my youtube ads for hiros let me show you an example you can see down here for hirose we're at about 131 dollars per call and if you come over here to youtube it's a little bit higher but i find the quality is a lot higher okay you can see i'm some of these are really profitable for example this one right here i think we're getting like a 24 cost per call and it did 30 000 roi and just off of like literally in the last uh month right there did 30 thousand dollars roi off of only 20 a day so like it totally works google ads and youtube totally work you can see this one right here this was at eighty dollars a day um it's it twenty six thousand dollars in total sales right there and then that's reoccurring highest it works great um you need to understand that's exactly what i just did on facebook and youtube i went and scaled up on facebook first and as soon as i started seeing the roi start to dip a little bit i also then just take it over to youtube and i perfected the funnels on facebook and just drove them right over to and it works great if you understand how to do that my only suggestion for these type of funnels this is my biggest suggestion for 2021 and yes it's extremely biased but check this out right here so if i go and look at the sales funnel right here it says i got eight calls if i go look at the tracking and google it says i got three i would have shut down this ad and the cost recall is great i have no problem paying 300 per call that's very profitable for us long term that being said if i saw only three calls right here that would mean i'm paying like 500 per call and i would have turned off the ad i would have just shut down this ad right here instantly right here seven calls at 212 dollars a call that's fantastic okay but if i were to cut that in half by the reported four calls right here i would have turned off this ad maybe all right that would take me to 350. if you're running ads like this first off based on these conversions and cost per call it's not accurate so you're just going to be flying all over the place with a sales call funnel or a high ticket funnel it's the most important thing to be tracking this way get wicked reports get high risk set up your own custom thing i don't know what you want to do okay um but more importantly with these type of high ticket funnels as well for consulting just giving you one last piece of advice you need to be looking at the roi because you can see right here uh there's there's ones down here where it has a great cost per call let's go and find one with a really good cost per call really good cost per call no sales coming in right here really good cost per call no sales coming in right here now this is a weird example because i'm pretty sure these will generate sales because i know how to hirose data trends but a lot of people just run based off the cost per call and they're buying all these calls that are really cheap they don't turn in the sales or they're buying all these opt-ins that are really cheap but don't turn the sales and when i was scaling on youtube from about ten to fifteen thousand dollars per day to twenty five thousand dollars i must have wasted at least almost five to ten thousand dollars a day in ad spend sometimes on opt-ins that weren't actually generating sales because i wasn't able to track like this so that's just a bonus tip right there so that guys is my analysis of 2021 and what you need to be looking at based on the business you're in if you're in info marketing get on just do it okay uh if you're an e-commerce think about what type of e-commerce you're doing i'm not saying this other type of e-commerce over here hats maybe like stuff where you can't tie it directly into videos isn't going to work um but if you can tie it in entertainment videos for example if you had like a facial roller device that irons out wrinkles or something like that and you were going and sticking that on makeup and cosmetic video ads that would crush it okay and if you are running a e-commerce object think about like i don't know you ever seen like those john deere tractors if you had something that was like really good like that and you were putting this on farming videos and whatnot where people have to make this large investment you can get people on the phone you can really work with that traffic because just with a little bit of traffic coming in from youtube you can sell you know five thousand ten thousand twenty thousand dollar object from that phone call so if you're paying a hundred dollars per call two hundred dollars per call that's fine finally if you're in consulting what i suggest you do consulting sas start on facebook once you have your stuff working you're going to start hitting a cap because you're not going to be able to scale us further or as far on facebook because what you're doing is you're working with these micro small audiences that are really hard or easy to target on facebook that are really easy to target on facebook and as soon as you start hitting a cap move over to youtube and then start scaling them with each other okay and that will kind of give you your total reach right there so all in all guys this has been the highros train for the day subscribe to this because i'm going to be releasing i think about three to four videos a week right now we're going to be talking about the type of funnels that are working best right now based on all the data i've seen at hiros based on everything i've seen in my experience in the next video so you're probably going to want to see that final just a little call to action that tracking problem i brought up earlier if you want to fix that you can fix that at highrose below by booking a call with us we have a 90 day refund guarantee on it if you don't see the problem fixed and you don't make more from your ads you don't pay that also being said if you want to get on youtube i have the most successful youtube coaching program of all time based on results you can click below and look at the results and you can draw your own conclusion from that if you're interested in those things book a call will help you out other than that thanks for watching hyruleans i'll catch you in the next video this has been alex becker and uh be careful with those bitcoin investments guys invest in your ads much better maybe we'll see in five [Music] years [Applause] foreign

================================================================================
TITLE: FAST Facebook Ad Scaling Guide ($100-$5000 A Day!)
VIDEO ID: qLrjrg1ce1w
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLrjrg1ce1w
================================================================================

ladies gents and goblins it is it is the final video is the final video of this series this video i'm going to be walking you through 50 a day scale 200 a day scale 500 ish a day scale and then blowing past a thousand dollars a day scale all the way up to five thousand dollars a day scale and what i'm going to break down in this video is what you should be looking at at each point and if you follow this you're consistently not going to blow up your ads and what usually happens when people scale is their cpl their cpa or their costs acquire customer goes to the roof something explodes and then people don't know what it is it's because when you hit certain points ad scale something is usually going to go wrong because your ad is not competent enough to go to that next level of scale if you know where to look at this you can actually prevent this from happening in the first place or you can address the issue before you keep trying to scale what most people try and do is they get to a certain point and they just keep hitting it over and over and over again thinking that there's some audience or some bidding strategy that's blocking them it's not how it works at certain levels of scale certain types of things are going to go wrong with your ads and there's going to be very common things that you can fix to allow you to break to that next point because really what scaling is is just keeping your ads profitable while going into broader audiences that are more expensive to target that's literally all it is and if you know how to work in these broader audiences while making your ads more and more profitable and more optimized that's how you scale you scale by optimizing the funnel the offer the ad copy not by optimizing weird little bidding things i'm going to show you exactly where to look at each level scale in this video so let's get into it okay guys so this video is again all about scaling all about the scaling getting those big juicy huge scale numbers 15 025 no that's not what this is about at all look the first thing we need to cover in this video is there is no honor in spending tons of money on ads okay i in fact make much more profit now my margins are much much higher spending 2 to 3k a day extremely efficiently efficiently than sometimes when i've been spending 15 to 20k a day okay that's the first thing we need to talk about in this video this is priority number one it's all about the profit margins or the intended goal okay now i'm going to dive into my ad account i'm actually going to show you a lot of my numbers and really exactly how i bid but it's actually quite simple if you understand the key concepts of how scaling actually happens and again just like the last video doesn't come down to a secret bidding technique or like increasing your bids or budget by point two cents a day to like trick to facebook algorithm and just thinking that you are i don't know barack obama okay well you'd be like this is barack dude he's bidding in a certain way we got to give him the big bucks the big the good customers give them all the good ones okay so or donald trump if that's your forte don't get political on me in these videos guys i'm just making jokes so there's a few things you need to understand first and foremost number one is that when you are scaling from 100 500 let's go all the way up to like let's just use 5 000 a day but this applies in almost any range okay once you get past a thousand dollars a day all the audiences start behaving very similar so let's say we get an audience to a thousand bucks a day and so on and so forth you understand that why your numbers usually fall apart isn't because of your targeting it isn't because you're targeting at all because frankly if you get to look like audiences and let's say you get to about three percent look alike audiences the audience is going to be three to five million people depending of all the countries you have in there in order to reach three to five million people you're gonna be needing to spend at least around ten thousand dollars a day on ads really consistently be showing uh these people the ads over and over and over again at any level of consistency usually what happens when people's ad roi starts going down they assume it's ad fatigue and they go and make new ads uh and and try and do just basically new ads that's what i usually see and while changing out your ads does help sometimes it's rarely the long term answer and you should really get to the point with your ads when you're targeting audiences this big that your ads will work for a very long time now that's not me saying that your first ad should work for a very long time it usually takes about a hundred ads in an ad account to get to the point where you have five ads that consistently work having an ad that like really hits the ball out of the park they're rare it's about one in 20 and that's fine okay if you go look through my ad account i've i think i'm at like 60 ads now and i have four to consistently work really really well right now and there's no rhyme or reason behind which ones work and which ones don't so you just need to constantly be adding new ads into the mix when i was running hcom when we scaled to about 20 000 a day i could just consistently run the same three to five ads and the cpl and metrics would stay about the same of course they would always gradually trend upward because that's just what happens with ads but i didn't have to change my ads very consistently once we hit that level and i had tested about 50 different ads and then about three to five this consistently works so drop that whole ad fatigue thing it's not because of ad fatigue at your ads won't scale what does happen as we get from 100 to 500 to a thousand dollars a day on an ad set or a specific audience is you go from again the kiddie pool that i talked about in previous videos to being in a more broad pool to just being in a super broad pool and what usually happens on facebook is people have a very targeted offer with a message that won't survive in this area right here so they try to do all these different things and they can never really scale past 5000 bucks a day if that's their goal because the message of the offer doesn't work and i talked about message a ton in the last video so i'm not going to talk about it right now but the way you scale from 100 to 500 to 1000 a day is you keep tweaking the message to reach the broadest audience as possible it's not targeting let me show you this here is one ad right here where i'm consistently getting hundred dollar calls this is phenomenal at high risk because i am massively profitable at 400 calls okay now if i go and look at the same audiences right here let's just go look at this audience right here hi rose let's just look at the best performing audience the last seven days okay um so if i go look at this audience right here so let's look at the science right here it's just doing really great seventy three dollar calls that's juicy for me hiro's two percent calls okay and so this is targeting a audience and this is not this is a call funnel i realized that the same thing applies in e-commerce the same thing applies with mass info or course sales it's the same thing across the entire board i'm going to give you some more objectives when it comes to scaling right here in fact this entire video is just me spilling pearls of wisdom that are going to help you scale and get much higher roi in your ad spend there's really no actual plan with this video i'm just going to tell you all the cool tricks and stuff i know so check this out uh it's a look-alike audience of hiros calls mid-year so if i go and look at this same exact audience and this campaign that i've actually turned off right here let's go hi-ros okay you can see it's 300 cost per calls and you can see right here with the signs right here high risk customers three percent i'm like netting 500 cost per calls right here whereas on this one right here you can see the past few days i'm actually getting like 79 cost per calls it's all about the message of the ad okay 100 40 cost per call is what i'm averaging right here i'm getting 500 on the other one and the reason for that is because i really focused on tweaking how the funnel works and how the person interacts with the ad and how the person gets the phone call and the message of the sales video and the message of the ad and so you can see if the same exact audience right there i'm getting significantly better numbers and look at 400 a day i can scale but i want to see like 10xrys in my ads because i'm incredibly greedy with high risk because it's such a great offer and so the thing you need to understand right here is that it's it's usually not an audience thing it's a message thing and now the next tip i'm going to show you is i scale a very specific way i increase my bids based on the results but the most important thing i need to tell you for very quickly is for love of all things good and gravy i've talked about this six times in every single video so i'm not going to talk about too long right here track your ads with something if you don't want to use hi-ros go use wiki reports go combine something with segment i don't care what you're doing do not use ad platform tracking to make your decisions this is the world's simplest funnel right here where the person just clicks in and books a call and i'm still looking look two calls right here on this one right here it looks like this is a dud audience it didn't catch any calls this one right here two calls caught one looks like a dud audience it would be 300 cost per call if i wasn't tracking this correctly this one right here reported three calls because of view through conversions and how it tracks things or maybe a person clicked an ad on google and that and google actually got credit because again i have multiple traffic sources running you might probably be too since it's an advanced course and so you're going to have organic traffic running you're going to have google ads running and then you're going to have facebook ads running and facebook is going to give itself credit or it might give itself view through conversions and if you were scaling based on that you were scaling on incorrect data and this shouldn't be shocking to anybody but when you scale on incorrect data you spend money on ads that don't actually make you money you kill ads that are making you money when you do both of those things consistently you are going to waste lots of money and kill your scale prematurely and you're going to not have ads that are as profitable as they should be because when you track your ads properly you make better decisions people that make better decisions get a higher roi on their ads again you can see this right here i have my hi-ros data i have my high-risk tracking data pulled up right here you can see here's an ad set right here doing quite well reported no conversions doing quite well 84 calls holy moly not reporting it if i turn off these ads right here i'm turning off my best sources of calls and then finally last of all scale around roi it takes a little bit of time for my calls to come in sales to come in but i can even already see my roi in these platforms if you're doing a call funnel if you're doing a webinar funnel you're doing something as a long click to sale time if you're not scaling around roi you're bonkers okay and so this is the things i'm going to be making my decisions off of if you want the same tracking like this go below just book a consultation with hiros i'm not trying to pitch you or sell you in these videos i just don't know how to give you scaling advice if you're not using correct data it would be like me giving you stock investing advice with incorrect stock data like i wouldn't tell you to invest in something if the numbers i was basing my investment advice on were wrong would i same thing book a consultation below but then once i have that data right there what i'm going to do is scale like this i'm i usually start audiences at about 100 bucks a day if it's a big audience okay if it's a big eye and says there were a million people 100 000 people and i'm just going to kick it at 100 a day you can start at 50 to 100 whatever you want to do some people start at 20 and that's way too small to see data quickly if you're starting off this is an advanced ad course so that's why i'm not starting off with five dollar a day bidding or anything like that because the truth is if i want to scale quickly and i put it five dollars a day it's gonna take me twenty dollars a day it's going to take me 20 days to figure out what i could have figured out in one day at 100 a day now that concept doesn't work if i kicked it out at a thousand dollars because the audience might get blown out and that means where the message of the ad loses traction okay so where the ad will actually perform and be profitable it could maybe at three hundred dollars a day five hundred dollars a day one thousand dollars a day could hit blowout so what blowout is is let's imagine we have the ad and it's working we're getting great cpls great cpas whatever our acquisition cost says it's profitable you've probably noticed at a certain point of scale it blows out and then it stops working all your numbers go to hell what we're trying to do with scale is find this number right here find the blowout area and then we're going to go and work on our messaging to increase the blowout area that's really all scaling is now to find the blowout area what you want to do is if you're at sub 250 a day or sub 200 a day around this range right here you increase by double each day so i'm at 50 a day what i'm going to do is i'm going to scale based off of if i'm in e-commerce profitability roi because i'm going to see my my rois right away if i'm doing a webinar or a call funnel i'm going to scale based off cpl now i'm not going to optimize around cpl with my ads i'm just going to use cpl as a rough number if i see a good decent number right here i'm going to use that and then if i'm doing a call funnel what i'm eventually going to look for mainly is going to be cost per call and we can usually get the cost per call pretty quickly okay you could see like today i'm not scaled up too far with our ads we're only at like 2 000 bucks a day and i'm seeing my cost per calls coming in just fine okay so we can usually detect cost per call pretty early with a webinar funnel sometimes you're only going to get like one or two sales when you're in a testing period you have a two thousand dollar product or something like that so eventually the webinar funnel you're gonna wanna purely scale off of roi that's gonna be your end decision maker but i usually like to go off of the opt-in while not optimizing for the opt-in okay this opt-in is like basically if you have a video game store the opt-in would be people coming in to play the free demos okay the year old kids who come in completely broke to play demos all day aren't going to buy something we want to optimize by the people that actually buy the games and if we then go and see that the cpl is good for them then we want to go around that and usually you're going to do better not even optimizing for anything but i talked about that last video so let's go check that out so we're going to double up every single time we see a good result so i'm going to go 50 to 100 100 to 200 and then when i get about 200 i'm going to increase by 50 each day so 200 to 300. 300 to 450 okay then when i get to about 450 500 i'm gonna increase by 25 every single day so 500 to 600. and this depends this is not always an always absolute thing sometimes if the numbers look amazing i'll just bump it from like 500 to 800 500 to a thousand it depends okay if there's like zero resistance of scale because what you're going to see is your cpa whatever your key metric is going to be as you start to climb you're going to tell where the blow it is going to start to occur at because you're going to go from like 100 to 200 a day and then you go from a five dollar cpl to a seven dollar cpl sometimes you go to 100 to 250 a day and you go from like a five to like a four because it gets a bit more optimized you're like oh okay cool this is good maybe you go to 200 to 400 and it still stays at four to five dollars okay that's still good then you go from 400 to 800 and still stays you got a big audience and your message is working really well at that point okay so that's what we're looking for we're looking for that blowout point where it goes from being stable to blowing up the same thing happens on adwords and facebook check out our adwords youtube scaling course if you want to check that out and also if you want help with your ads and you just want to hop on a call with me and get a consultation i'll look at your ads tell you where you could be scaling a lot more there's a link to my mastermind consultation below you should you should check it out if anything we can hop in a call talk about your ads and how to scale now finally i want to talk about the things that allow you to scale much further besides that increasing of the bids so your first objective when you start this up is you want to get a lookalike audience of buyers this is pretty difficult to do if you're doing a call funnel or a webinar funnel which has a long click to sale time but if you have a lower ticket item like e-commerce you want to get to 100 sales as fast as possible so you can then go and make a look like audience because that's usually going to be your best audience but you want to make look-alike audiences based on all sorts of actions your opt-ins your abandoned carts if you're doing e-commerce your calls and those are usually what i'm going to operate around you don't want to make look-alike audiences based on visits because that's just wonky because a visitor isn't technically anything though you can sometimes do that but test it test the audience that's the first thing you really want to shoot for if you're doing a webinar make you look like audience based around opt-ins don't optimize for opt-ins but you can make a look-alike audience around them if you're doing the call funnel lookalike audience around your opt-ins and then your calls as soon as possible and then it's gonna take a while for webinar and call funnel but you want to then take your customers once you have 100 of them make it look like around that that's going to help you out a ton okay also when it comes to scaling with webinars and call funnels webinars is almost better you don't optimize for anything why because what's going to happen is if you optimize for opt-ins you optimize for freebie seekers you don't optimize for buyers call funnels i optimize for the call and not the opt-in ever in fact if you optimize for the opt-in you will get worse results and if you don't use any targeting uh or optimization period so don't do that that's my results you can go ahead and test it disprove me but i don't think i'll be wrong in that case in most instances next if you want to scale further you need to determine what your long-term best metrics are so sometimes if you're running an e-commerce funnel and you have a deep funnel where you have other products people come back and buy it's completely okay to scale while breaking even it's completely okay to scale while losing money for example i built a million dollar per month business while losing 20 percent up front on the ads then we would make it back for x over three to four months as payment plans and additional sales came in you have to look at everything in context and really the way that you're going to scale the furthest with your ads is once you get to about a thousand dollars a day on an audience you're going against people that really focus on the long term with their ads they're willing to lose money up front to make the money back three to four months later okay and the most profitable businesses they 10x their roi on their ads but they usually don't make much money up front okay for example click funnels one of the things russell brunson did is he didn't make much money on the ads he'd break even getting people buying and he'd get buyers into the business and then he would get them on click funnels where they get them reoccurring subscriptions and buy his mastermind and all sorts of other things okay so we'd actually lose money right here and so if you want to run your ads you need to understand you're going to be running against people like this and eventually when you get to a large scale this is who you're playing against and so you need to play a much more long-term game so it's completely okay if you're scaling to lose money as long as you understand why you're losing money and what's going on here so for example if i was losing money on that other ad set where i showed you where i was paying 500 a call that's not good that's not good scaling okay and i'm not going to find the number right here again that's not good now that i have my number super optimized and i've improved my message i can scale with that and if i'm get to the point where i'm breaking even with that funnel and that optimization that's fine because i'm getting tons of customers in tons of interest in building a massive retargeting list for hirose and when a customer comes in at high risk if i lose 100 percent up front so so let's say i get them on and this is just hypothetical numbers if i get them on 100 a month account and it costs me 200 to do that that's still wonderful because i'm going to be 800 profitable by the end of the year or more if we're actually doing real math and counting months about a thousand dollars profit and so you need to look at your long-term metric right there it's completely okay in e-commerce or even webinar funnels or call funnels to break even while gaining tons of people into your business and getting them indoctrinated and then you make money long term and that's really the biggest key i can give you for scaling is look at the long term numbers of the business and then play off those numbers because it's so easy to run ads that are 10x profitable over a year so easy to run ads like this it is so difficult to run ads that are three to four x profitable at scale constantly and i mean three to four x profitable cash so you spend ten dollars you make 40 back you spend ten thousand dollars you make 40 000 back okay this is super hard and trying to do this hamstrings you big time because you're going to constantly keep hitting a cap because you're hitting people that are okay spending ten thousand to make ten thousand but those people that spend ten thousand make ten thousand are usually going to make a hundred thousand off that ten thousand because they focus on the long-term funnel okay and usually what's more profitable is not going hambone the second person comes in your business it's getting the person indoctrinated the right way and then going hambone in the back end that's what everybody does okay so these are my best scaling and bidding and growth techniques guys this is the end of the course this is the end of the facebook series i don't have really anything that i can add to it this is basically everything i do um besides me literally just hopping over the shoulder and working with you on your ads by the way if you want that check out the link below in the description you can copy a free consultation with me we'll look at your ads how to grow if you're good fit for my mastermind too you can get invited to join that same exact thing with hieros again if you're running ads and trying to scale up ads with incorrect data i don't i don't know what to tell you okay if you take me being the ceo of hiroshima use something okay use wic reports use segment use something to track your ads nothing's as accurate as highers but if you just want to like take my bias out of it and just say no i'm going to do the opposite of what you tell me do use something because if you're scaling around wrong data and then feeding that data back to your ai and the whole entire thing it's just a mess you can go schedule a demo with us below we'll show you the tracking works show you where you can improve your ads by the way with 90 day guarantee on it so if you don't see results that allow you to scale further you don't pay for it so there's no risk to checking us out and booking a call worst thing that's going to happen is you'll be like oh okay maybe i'll get this in the future i'm not ready for this or you could just completely scale your ads in a whole other direction there's plenty of people that double and triple their businesses once they hop on the highrose that being said guys this has been the facebook course if you want more content like this as well check out our youtube course which is linked below as well it's again free and it's just as detailed as this if not more and i'm even better at youtube ads than i am facebook ads so i would check that out top that we have tons of ad content releasing all the time on this channel so subscribe so you can see that i release about two to three videos a week i just want to get a good facebook course going on here as the foundation of all the other stuff that we talk about on the channel so this has been alex becker thanks for watching check out some of the suggested videos after us i picked some cool ones that will also build on this course and give you some next level stuff i don't hold anything back in this channel because i want you to eventually scale and use hyrus so just stay tuned it's going to get even juicier i'll see in the next video [Music] [Applause] you

================================================================================
TITLE: 2021 ADVANCED Facebook Low Cost Bidding (Part 4)
VIDEO ID: QpR8XFgu95c
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpR8XFgu95c
================================================================================

ladies gents and a few of you ad goblins you know who you are i talked about your last video i'll talk about you again in this video welcome to video number four in our advanced facebook ad series this video is going to get into advanced bidding and optimization aka how to scale your ads efficiently without ad costs going out of control and how to keep your costs as low as possible when you're running ads now i have some bad news for you some very bad news there is no secret to bidding there is no magic freaking targeting demographic thing that's going to keep your ad cost super low there's not some magic crazy complicated way that only two percent of ad buyers know that allows them to keep their ads cheaper than everybody else everybody thinks this is a thing and so before i show you how to actually do this correctly in this video i need to nip this in the butt because this is something that everybody puts forward in the ad community or puts forward the people that don't run ads or even gets pushed up all the way up to high level ad buyers the secret to scaling ads almost never has to do with some secret duper cool technique magic targeting system bidding strategy that only jeff bezos and his gang of merry men know that nobody else knows that's not how it works what i want to show you right here is exactly what scales adds and keeps ad cost super low and allows you to get to those high levels of scale but also allows you to maximize your profits and maximize your roi while keeping everything as low as possible this is how it's done okay guys so we're at my whiteboard of truth and justice it's very cool i know we've invested a lot in the presentation value of these hi-ros facebook ad series videos i hope you're impressed let's continue i'm not trying to show off it just happens naturally look so when it comes to bidding and growing and optimizing your ads for growth what a lot of people are going to tell you like i just said they're going to try and tell you there's some secret bidding technique or like there's some magic targeting that you need to hit that's going to light a scale that's not the case what you want to be able to do to make ad scales you want to be able to scale like a dumb person you want to be able to scale in a way i can't even spell dumb correctly but you want to be able to scale in a way that doesn't require you to do anything complicated in the ad manager because frankly as soon as you start trying to do complicated things in ad manager the ads already failed okay there's some big broad audiences out there where sometimes setting your demographics and whatnot is going to help you but outside of the tips i've given you so far facebook's optimization if you put those tips i've given you so far is going to do most of that for you it's if your demographic is men in a certain age group you're going to see the spread of being men in that certain age group you don't really need to guide it that much and so what most people do is they get to these plateaus and their ads and they keep thinking oh i just can't get past this point uh unless i have to discover some secret bidding technique or something and so they just keep trying to find magic bidding techniques and go up and down up and down up and down and up and down it never works and then what they try and do is they try to go and say okay cool well i have these 50 stats i got my ctr i got my cpc i got my nwa i got my backstreet boys it doesn't it doesn't there's all these extra stats that people pay attention to and i'm gonna tell you i've scaled on other platforms i've scaled on facebook i mean i've scaled a combination almost thirty thousand dollars a day in ad spend and there's really only three metrics you need to look at and it applies to this video as well because when we're talking about optimizing and scaling ads really the only things i pay attention to and i think you should pay attention to or you should at least take my thought process here into into your thought process is i look at cpl which is going to be the cost for an opt-in if i'm running a webinar or maybe a sales call funnel i'm going to look at cost per call which i'm going to refer to as cpc for now on so don't get too confused there cost per call which is going to be again if i'm using a sales call funnel and then i'm going to look at roi you might be saying well why don't you look at uh you know cost per sale i don't care about the cost per sale i care about the roi okay i could have a great cost per sale but if there's no good uh the roi is not there doesn't matter okay so that's what we're going to be looking at and so why do i look at these things it's because these things are a symptom of basically every other metric in your ad account but the thing is if you look at every other metric in your ad account you can't really make a conclusion from them and so if you're trying to improve your c ctr you might actually end up in reducing your roi if you go and improve your cost per click you might reduce your roi and so improving these things without context doesn't make any sense and that's what most people do they're like oh i got my cost per click down great but your cost per lead went up so the only thing that actually really matters as far as your marketing go is these doozies right here you can change these numbers around all you want but unless they unless these numbers go in the direction you want them to go in it really is a matter so it's just better to focus on these numbers from the get-go but why are these numbers so important when it comes to optimizing your ads well it's because they're going to tell you what to optimize because the way you actually optimize and i'm going to have to have my cheat notes in front of me right here because this is kind of a long spiel but the way you actually optimize is there's a bunch of parts of your ad okay there's going to be your ad message okay the actual copy of the ad the landing page message they're originally sent to and copy the sales page message and then the sales page copy and these are the things you play with you don't optimize the numbers in the ad manager you don't do that that's not how you scale because optimizing those numbers isn't going to relate and you're selling more stuff at a higher frequency thus making your ads profitable and you being able to scale them what will increase your ability to scale is affecting that again this is so simple and so clear but no one does this what allows you to scale more is if you put one dollar in people are you getting a higher roi in that one dollar okay that's it more people buying at a higher frequency that's what allows you to scale because as you start scaling the thing that's going to stop you from growing let's imagine this is where you keep hitting at the thing is going to stop you from growing is your ads being profitable that's it if your ads are profitable you scale and so the thing you want to focus on is making the ads more profitable and then the dials that you tweak to make your ads more profitable are these dials right here these dials right here and the way you really optimize as you're scaling is you start really right here and you work your way down here now i know this doesn't make any sense because i'm baboon and i don't explain anything well and i but i'm gonna do my best here okay i'm a simple baboon but i'm gonna do my best explain this you might be thinking look at all those things what's ad message what's the difference between add message and copy so let's talk about all these things right here and then how we'll tweak them over optimizing so you're gonna first notice that when a lot of people go and write their ads they just make one set of ads and one like message of the ads and then they just never change it and they don't understand why their ads don't grow so what is the ad message so if i'm running an ad for hirose my ad message should be hey improve your business with tracking or my message could be uh we have this ai tracking script that will say get you 52 cheaper get you customers 52 cheaper on your ads which it will okay you should go you should go book a call with ios below if you're running ads without tracking this point you've watched this this video guy i don't know what you're doing man i'll show you some crazy stuff here in a second that being said look at how that message is different use tracking in your business or we have this nifty little ai when combined with tracking gets you customers 52 cheaper one message is awful and boring and isn't gonna excite anybody no one wants to track their business no one cares or this one right here that gets you customers cheaper and makes you a lot of money that's a different message and you're gonna really notice in your ads the thing that's gonna get you higher rois is nailing your message and it's picking out what people actually want about your product and so when you start going and messing with your ads one of the easiest ways to unlock a lot more scales not by bidding optimization and manual bidding it's going to figure out the message people really clicked with for example at hiros of course my first ads are like hey track your ads because it's going to improve your roi didn't work at all next message was like hey we'll go and help you scale further doesn't work at all and then another message was like hey you can track your ltv and you can see your long-term sales you can see a person that clicked six months ago and see everything they did between now and then and see exactly which ad generated that sale worked a little bit better didn't work and we went through many many many different things the thing that really clicked with people was saving 52 on their customer acquisition cost and their ads this was the message that hit okay and you can see that reflected in if you're running an opt-in funnel in the cpl that's you see how i can tell how people are responding to something by looking at at certain numbers now roi doesn't really come into play yet in this fact share in this factor right here but i can see this in the cost and the cost per lead and a little bit in the cost per call why because i can see exactly how people are responding to the ad message overall and when people opt into high frequency or if we're just sending them straight to a sales page they start clicking at a high frequency and buying at a higher frequency you're going to notice the add message has a huge effect on that okay but the next thing comes into play the ad copy you're going to notice when you have the same message but different copy you explain the message differently you change how it's worded you change the the image on your ads you change the headline people start responding differently and you're gonna again notice that in the okay so for example one of the easiest ways we can scale our ads let's say our ads are profitable are profitable as is and we start seeing them break even okay well let's say we're paying ten dollars per lead and we're breaking even easiest way we can we can get back to profitability cut the cpl and half down to five dollars per lead we're going to be getting in double the leads at that point therefore the funnel doubles we just unlocked a whole bunch of scale okay again obviously cost per call if we get 500 opt-ins for a thousand dollars and then we get to a thousand opt-ins for a thousand dollars we're also going to see the calls double because the opt-ins doubled in theory so again we're playing with these numbers right now by going and tweaking the ad message and copy okay so now that we've gone and improved the opt-in rate of our funnels or how people are interacting with the ad originally we're going to go and focus on the landing page copy okay and the sales message so what does this mean so you're going to notice again your copywriting on your pages the message is what matters first off if you have great copywriting but the message is garbage and people aren't going to be interested in it you're not going to get conversions even if you have great copy okay and so what you want to first focus on now we actually have good metrics we have a lot of people coming to the page we have a lot of people opting in at a high rate this isn't always easy to see in e-commerce we're probably going to be just skipping straight to this step if we're sending people straight to a sales page for example a lot of times at hiros i send people straight to a call page and it's just you it's not always apples to apples on how pages are gonna make so for example like my iron mastermind i'm constantly sharing like the results of my split test and like what pages are working in some funnels what i'm going to see is i'm going to see that sometimes i'll send people to an opt-in and into a call and then sometimes when i send people straight to a call it works better okay and if you want info on that mastermind it's like we have more ad results six seven eight and nine figure results than like any ad mastermind ever there's a link in the description if you want to go check that out if you run ads you should check it out anyways what we're then going to start tweaking is we're going to have to go and look at our sales message and first start with that i know i put these in a different order but we go look at the sales message and if we can get let's say originally one of 100 people buys on our page we can get two out of a hundred to buy in the page well then their ads will unlock more profitability thus we can scale further with the same audiences and then what do we do once we unders once we see a message that clicks for example at highrose when people originally came through or actually let's use iron for example i have a youtube consulting mastermind why is it based around youtube because people want to learn youtube ads my original sales message was learn ads the next message was learn how to go and build funnels that work really well with ads and it really didn't start clicking until i discovered hey people want to learn youtube ads that's what they're interested in and then what i needed to focus on was how people were going to come over to youtube ads what they were most interested in and turns out they were really interested in ad copy and ad targeting uh and getting like a plug and play blueprint and so that was the message that worked to sell my youtube ad mastermind okay originally i was like hey learn ads didn't work when i was like learn the funnels that work on youtube didn't work learn the ad targeting copy that worked that's the sales message then i tried many different forms of ad copy or a landing page copy sending them to a page where they get just a direct video that says book a call going to a written landing page all sorts of different things again i'm always testing like a zillion different things but you can see now that i know the message that works i put the copy and so then what i see is okay we used to have one out of 100 people buy and that was profitable until about 100 a day but now uh once we got the 500 a day we need to have two out of 100 people buy and now that we are at a thousand dollars a day we need to have three out of 100 that buy your conversions have to go up with your ads because what happens again like i talked about in the last video when it comes to ad targeting is your ad targeting gets more broad you have a really targeted person you're targeting right here at about a hundred dollars a day it's kiddie pool targeting as you get to 500 a day you break out of the kiddie pool and you start having to actually convince people to buy your product and so this is why you're messaging copy comes into play and this is why if you want to scale you don't optimize your bids you optimize the process people are going through one thing at a time in your funnels and this will go and say okay cool now we have enough profitability to get to 500 a day and let's say we want to get to 2 000 a day we can take the same audiences and facebook if you have an audience of millions of people like lookalike audiences you're not going to hit ad fatigue right here okay trust me you are going to get at about two thousand dollars a day i'm not 100 sure the exact reach but you're not even coming close to getting all that million people to see your ad twice in a month okay so what's really happening right here while your ads are falling apart it's not because your bidding strategies are not good it's because people are coming to the page and they're not opting in and they're not responding at a high enough rate and people again will also respond at a higher rate right here because they're super targeted as you get up here the response rates get much lower therefore your ads start to fall apart that's why you need to keep going and tweaking these things as your ad so that your ads don't fall apart okay and so if we have a person coming to our pages right away let's imagine it's just a landing page we send people to a sales video we want to interact with them in the sales message in a way that delivers the right message and is the most optimal copy and so we're going to play around with that and really your barrier to scaling isn't ever going to be again some complicated ad straights it's going to be finding out the right copy combination the right sales message and and then the same thing is going to come with your sales page copy maybe you're sending people directly to a sales page let's say like we had a webinar page or a video sales letter page right here well then there's going to come to the point where you actually need to start selling this could be example of your e-commerce page this could be the people closing on the phone this could be your closing message in your webinar whatever okay what we're tweaking right is let's imagine this is a call funnel okay i'm talking about five different funnels at once so it can be a little bit confusing but let's imagine i'm tweaking a call funnel right here first thing i'm going to look at is how my ad message and copy is doing by looking at the reflection the then they land on this landing page right here where there's a sales message and i'm going to see how that's working by looking at the cost per call of course i'm going to use this in context because cpl affects my cost per call okay so obviously if my cost per call is 200 but i improve my opt-in rate by a hundred percent i'm going to see that cost per call go to 100 but then if i don't change the opt-in and i go and play with this stuff right here and i see it go from 100 to 75 dollars all right now i'm unlocking a little bit more scale then what i'm gonna then do let's imagine we're getting people on phone calls as i'm gonna go and help my sales reps close at a higher rate so that we are able to maximize the roi per phone call so maybe we're only making 300 per phone call originally well if we get it up to 500 suddenly my ad numbers start working and i can scale a lot further even though my cost per lead is going up and even though my cost per call is going up okay because i keep driving these things down and this is how you you scale you don't scale by doing again i've said this a billion times little optimizations in the ad manager you scale by tweaking these numbers and constantly pushing these down with optimization that's the big breakthrough that nobody gets because everybody will just go and they'll just have the same exact funnel and they won't play with any of these dials they won't play with any of these dials and they're going to be looking at their ctr on their cpc those things don't matter your cpc is reflection of your ad messaging copy okay and all those things sum up by the cpl or how people originally respond when they come to the page and so you tweak all these things and that's how you keep forcing your ads to go higher and higher these are the dials you tweak when you're scaling and so i wanted to make this video for you really quickly because this is how you should look at your funnel you should be looking instead of looking at your let's say you're doing an e-commerce funnel or something like that all right we got an ad that we're running and we have our ad which is the add message and add copy and then we just got a direct sales page and let's say your cost per sale you want to get it's too high your cost per sale is too high your roi in the ads is overall bad okay so what do we do we don't go and play with our bids what we do is we say all right if my roi is low it must mean that something in the ad message the ad copy or the sales page is off so what i'm going to do is i'm going to find the add and ad copy and the sales page combination that gets the best result and that's going to actually increase my roi and so what can we do right here well first off we can see the add message in the ad copy that gets the highest sales amount without us changing the sales page that's a very easy way to see that and then what we can do is we can match the sales page to this message then we're going to see another boost in results you see i just did that i find the add message and add copy that's going to get me the highest roi because we're getting the most amount of people coming to the sales page obviously that's going to increase my okay the most interest and then when we see which ad message that copy generates the most interest we alter the sales we make our benefits about our product say it's an e-commerce product about what the message and ad copy was about boom we see another bumping conversion boom we just unlocked a bunch of other that's how you go and optimize your ads to scale a lot further that's the video for today and the one thing i want to show you just very very super quickly this isn't a pitch for hires but if i actually just go in here and load up my harrow stats the most important thing that i need to see is these cost per calls the cost per lead everything that's coming in and i load up pyrus you can see that i can't see my cost per call you can see right here i'm doing actually really well in these ads facebook isn't catching anything okay this is just chronic with anything you're doing especially webinar call funnels or e-commerce funnels especially if multiple traffic sources is going to get sent to the wrong source and if you don't know literally where every single one of your calls is coming from you can't optimize around these things you're just going to keep getting wonky data that could be accurate could be not and then you're optimizing around all sorts of goofy stuff and if you're optimizing around goofy stuff you're going to get really goofy results so i'm telling you right now if you've watched up to this point just go book a high-risk optimization call below so we can get you hooked in here again we have a 90-day refund guarantee on it so if you hop on the hi-ros and this doesn't help you scale your ads immensely further you don't pay for it you don't pay for it granted everybody sees their ad skill immensely for their so just go check out the details below in the description on top of that if you've liked these ad videos so far and you'd be interested in joining my ad mastermind where i share all my split tests i take you behind all my ad accounts i show you everything i'm currently doing and i take you behind businesses i've scaled to eight figures with ads all the funnels everything i'm doing exact targeting copy everything explained in the same detail you can book a call with me below in the alexbecker.org consultation link and that will take you on a call with me we can look at your ads we look at how to scale your business and if you're good fit maybe you can join the mastermind again that has a crazy refund guarantee as well so if you join that you're not able to scale further same exact thing just being a little bit direct here because my admaster is the best thing ever and hiros is the best thing ever for scaling your ads if you're running ads without tracking you're not going to be able to scale your ads as far as you could if you did have tracking it's that simple that being said also come join the hires forum on facebook it's our facebook group we have over 50 million a month in ad spend across all of our media buyers in the group there is a qualification to join this is the best media buying group online right now it just simply is because we're very strict about who we let in that being said stay tuned subscribe to this youtube channel because our final video is coming up this is where we're gonna be talking about how to scale from 50 to 500 to a thousand to plus that a day it's gonna be the final video in the series i'm excited to get it to you this has been alex becker ceo of hyros i'll catch you in the next video [Music] [Applause] you

================================================================================
TITLE: 2021 Facebook Ad Targeting (ADVANCED) PT 3
VIDEO ID: UFAhebOBJbI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFAhebOBJbI
================================================================================

how's it going welcome back to the facebook advanced ad course where i show you everything i've done to scale business past six hundred thousand a month in revenue off of about a hundred thousand a month in ad spend in this video i'm going to be getting into advanced facebook ad targeting which is kind of ironic because if you understand how facebook ad targeting works you can actually scale it really far using chimpanzee level tactics but i'm going to show you the whole nine yards and everything i've used the scale also what i know just is working across the entire industry that being said i'm not going to waste your time because i hate when people waste my time so we're just going to hop straight into this ad targeting lesson i'll just show you everything we're doing and everything i think you should do this will at least help you get a little less confused about scaling ads and hopefully help you scale a metric ton because if you get this going from fifty dollars a day hundred dollars a day five hundred dollars a day a thousand dollars a day so on and so forth not too difficult okay guys so let's talk about facebook targeting and what facebook targeting is more of is less about knowing technical details and hoopla what i see people constantly they're trying to do to either sell their facebook ad services or just because they think this is how you should think about ads is they try to complicate everything they optimize down the demographics they have all these weird little habits like having 50 different ad sets targeting the same campaign the thing you need to understand about ads is that if you're having to get complicated you're being stupid and i'm not doing that to insult anybody that has a phd in complication of ads i'm doing it because that's just the truth because the thing is when you're complicating ads you're trying to make an ad that doesn't work work that's the first thing that's going on right there nobody just ever had an ad that was a home run was like you know what you need to do is make 50 different ad sets targeting the same audience so like the algorithm will like do this weird thing and that's not how it works okay i have ads that generate 10x rois and we have the most basic kindergarten targeting you could possibly imagine and the reason for that is because facebook ads are more about an understanding of how you're reaching the audiences the audiences you are reaching what's going on in the background and more so how the audience changes as you scale up that's the reason why most people get broken is because of a few bad understandings of the ad platform and if you have these understandings you don't have to do complicated stuff and the complicated stuff never works long term anyways so there's no point in doing it so first off the number one thing we need to focus on when it comes to understandings is what's happening okay so let's cover a few things first up how you want to be running facebook audiences is of course there's two types of audiences on facebook there's the interest targeting that you can target and the ad manager and we'll hop into the ad manager and i'll kind of break this down though this isn't a beginner's course okay so i'm not gonna be breaking under the first audience and stuff like that um and it's not interesting it's interest but there's interest-based targeting and then there's going to be look-alike audiences which you're going to be generating based off of the data you collect from people visiting your website opting in buying stuff and then there's also going to be your pixel and your conversion settings that you decide to target i'm going to give you a quick refresher basically what happens is when you run an ad and somebody hits your pixel let's say the person opts in what facebook is going to do is going to fill in that this opt-in looks like this type of person this person has this interest they manage this demographic they're this gender yada yada and it's going to feed the pixel this data and it's going to use that to say this is what this opt-in looks like and if you want to get more customers like it target people like this okay and so if i set the conversion setting inside of my ad to opt-ins and i've fed this pixel right here tons of people who have opted in it's going to then be far more efficient at finding opt-ins for me this type of targeting right here if you're using just a facebook pixel can turn into a whole bag of horribleness because what usually happens is if you don't have proper tracking on the ads and i'm not going to talk about high risk much in this video i promise to you but if you are tracking from ads first off the things that are usually easiest to track like opt-ins aren't actually the best thing to target and then two what is going to be happening is if you're targeting something like a sale a lot of times facebook is going to miss a lot of sales let's say it only catches six out of ten sales that come in and what's gonna happen is this four to ten sales that were missed it's gonna mark these as people it shouldn't target and then it's going to have all sorts of faulty data it's gonna avoid people that it should be targeting and you're just working with six out of 10 pixel optimization instead of 10 out of 10 which if you know how numbers work is usually better but the thing i'm trying to say right here is all these things combine together and we graduate and grow our targeting over time using these things this is what i like to call facebook graduating so what's gonna happen is let's just break this down in three phases just because the highest number i can count two is three when you first start off you're going to be using base audiences and your pixel is not going to be trained and i want to share one thing don't lose your mind over the pixel i've had ad accounts where i don't use any targeting or i use completely untrained pixel i get the same exact results the same exact results as a trained pixel so it varies but we're going to be using base audiences which are going to be interest audiences and i'm just going to refer them as base audiences for now because that's what i just use in my head now we're also going to have a bad pixel that's not trained and so really we're just going to send this fishing rod out into a cold pond of predetermined audiences for us so interest-based audiences would be you know what they are if you're watching this video in your advance if you're not go back in the kiddie pool okay but interest-based audience would be like people that like shopify or people that like tony robbins or something like that that's what they're interested in at least i'm not gonna explain everything that goes into audiences and interest though because again there's tons of kiddie pool videos on youtube this isn't a kiddie pool video now what we're going to do at this point in time is we're going to be feeding this pixel we're also going to be gathering data so let's imagine we're running a webinar in this situation we're writing anything where we have legion and we're sending people to an opt-in they put in their information they end up on a thank you page what we're then going to have is we're going to be able to build up an audience of let's say about 100 people and be able to create a look-alike audience and so then we can transition and graduate to tight look-alike audiences so this would be one percent look-alike audiences so people that facebook will go and generate an audience of a million people um who closely resemble these people that came in and so sometimes you want you can use a hundred people especially if it's buyers if it's opt-ins you probably want more but a hundred people is what you need to really make a decent lookalike audience again you're going to constantly want to be recreating look like audiences as you get more data as well because it's just common sense okay so what we're going to then do with this is again we'll have this one percent audience that looks like people to devops then people that bought our product and whatnot and primarily we'll start off with our weaker lookalike audiences and so that's why we specifically want to use this one percent setting right here because we want to be as close to this as possible but then we'll also have a trained up pixel that is a little bit more competent than this pixel right here and so our targeting will get better as we make it a little bit broader but still very targeted because it's like these this audience right here now what's going to then happen after a while is we're going to have tons of data we're going to have lots of buyers we're gonna have lots of phone calls we have lots of opt-ins and so we're gonna have a lot of data to make a lot of look-alike audiences and of course our best look-alike audience is going to be buyers in theory okay of course it's going to be our best in theory 50 of the time it's your best audience i guarantee it it will work at least 10 percent of the time it's the best thing ever all right so if you get my joke right there we're going to create audiences off of all these things and what we can then do as we train up our pixel to be more accurate is we make these two percent audiences and three percent audiences and two percent audiences and three percent audiences and once you get to three percent audiences you're dealing with audiences like five million people or somewhere around there three to five so that's more than enough for the goal of getting you to five thousand dollars a day ad spend with this video and as we do this of course the pixel is getting more and more data it's getting more data on what a buyer looks like or what an opt-in looks like or what a call looks like and we always really want to optimize for buyers and it depends on the business model you're in for example if you're an e-commerce you should have no problem optimizing for buyers if you're doing a call funnel you it's it's hard to optimize for buyers right away because you need lots of phone calls to finally do that if you're doing a webinar funnel uh or something with a longer call to se or click the sale we're still going to want to optimize for buyers because opt-ins are usually a really poor indicator of who's going to buy just who's going to opt in so people that opt in for free stuff are usually different than people to actually buy stuff so you're going to need to keep that in mind anyways what's going to happen is we can increase our look-alike audiences add more the pixel is going to get warmed up and we're gonna be able to increase the size of the audiences now what i want you to actually do as you do this is once you get to this point right here you should be actually making some pretty decent money and you should be testing this and being somewhat reckless with this so i mean once you get 100 people if you want to make a three percent audience and just go for it by all means do it part of being an advanced facebook ad runner is being willing to test things and lose a little money on some tests but eventually we're going to graduate three percent audiences we really don't even have to do this in some niches we don't have to go as proud like at highros we really don't need to go this broad and we're gonna have a really trained up okay and by the way the best way to train up a pixel to be way more accurate is again to use accurate tracking for example hirose and pass that data back to the pixel so the ai can be 10 times smarter because the facebook tracking isn't accurate i've proven like six other videos this is well known moving on this is what i mean by facebook graduating this is what i'm referred to in this video and that's the type of targeting you want to use now we can always use base audiences we can't always stick to our one percent audiences we can also use a three percent audiences you don't need to kill these things as you grow them either okay thing is base audiences can be somewhat hard to scale because they're a little bit less targeted but as your pixel gets more trained you can use all of these pretty efficiently okay but you're not gonna be able to jump straight into a three percent audience with an untrained pixel in theory you can try it and it's worked for me in the past but i just want you to know my train of thought now here's a much more important understanding this is why people do complicated stuff because they're stupid you have to understand that as your expand you have to understand this as you increase your ad spend your audiences expand so if i take an audience from 100 to a thousand dollars a day you have to understand with like a look-alike audience of one percent that's a million people you're not gonna you're not gonna cap that out you're not gonna be running in the ad fatigue with that unless you're spending a ton of money every single day especially when you get into three percent audiences of three to five million and what happens is people start scaling their ads they think they're hitting ad fatigue or some mystical beast is requiring them to do more complicated things because they're getting great uh conversion ratios and cost per sale or cost per opt-in at a hundred dollars a day and as they get to a thousand dollars a day on an ad set it all just goes to hell and what you need to understand is that when you're spending 100 a day 50 bucks a day on an ad set what is happening is facebook is going micro targeted with your audience and it's targeting people that are baby level easy to convert but as your ad spend grows if you want to scale you start targeting people that are more broad this is why you have to understand the market size and the type of product and offer you're making like i talked about in the past few months because if you want to scale at any level you can't live in the baby pool facebook you can live in the baby pool facebook and be very profitable but you'll never scale okay you're never going to have a giant business and that's because you're playing on easy mode right here you got to think about the difficulty to convert people as you scale this up an audience at 100 a day has nothing to do with an audience at a thousand dollars a day okay and then making 10 audiences at 100 a day is not a way to make an audience that's a thousand dollars a day that's not how you scale either that's just how you make things complicated and stupid because eventually these same people start getting the same ads over and over again and then like it starts branching out it just gets confused and it doesn't work okay so you have to understand that when you're going from a hundred a thousand dollars a day on an ad set or any type of ad spend you start seeing all your numbers start going up it's not a sign that you're hitting ad fatigue dude there's like a billion people on facebook there's five million people in your audience i spent nearly a thousand dollars yesterday on this ad set only reached 10 000 people reach-wise okay that's people skimming past it it's people skimming past it that's not a person actually sitting down and like looking at it it would take me literally two three ten thousand dollars a day to even be cracking any type of ad fatigue where a person sing the ad over and over and over again it's not happening to you that's happening and it's not happening what's happening is your ad sucks and it's not positioned in the market well enough this is why most people's ads die on youtube and facebook all the time inside of my ad mastermind iron whenever i'm working with people inside there they always think that their ads are hitting ad fatigue and it's not it's because they need to reposition their offer restructure their offer to work for a more broad audience or if you have a very high ticket offer make it more high ticket and work with these micro audiences because this is how you decide to make the big bucks with the micro audiences by having a very high ticket offer and sometimes audiences are not going to be this big okay they're not going to be this big and so you need to be able to work in this area right here so that's what you need to understand and what's happening right here as you're going up and doing this facebook is having to get more and more expanding with the people targets and thus your number is going to increase if your ads are not good enough if your offer is not positioned well that will also destroy it as well that's what's happening so what audiences do you start off with on facebook well there's two types of different targetings you're going to want to use there's going to be b2b and super high ticket call based targeting and there's going to be more mass market targeting which is going to be your e-commerce or mass-market info offers okay um and this is just what i've seen countless times again in my ad mastermind i just really give people my targetings that i'm using let people look over my shoulder but i'm just gonna do the best i can for you right here okay because i'm not gonna dig into my ad account and share that on youtube with tens of thousands of people so look mass market audiences you're going to want to target your competitors if you can find them on there so for example if you are selling a software that helps people with their businesses maybe use salesforce or something like that you're going to want to use similar brands so for example if you were selling like a make money online course you could use something like tony robbins okay so that's like that's not technically a competitor but he's in self-help so you could use that as a targeting you can also use tools people use that would represent their interests so for example a person's in the e-commerce you could target their interests as shopify okay so these are going to be the three ones that you want to use there's there's tons more you can use magazines and whatnot but this is really where you're going to get the best bang for your buck nine out of 10 times if you want to use other interest if you're watching this video you're not a kiddie pool marketer you're more than welcome to that's what i use your direct competitors similar brands that have like similar people in them and then the tools people use and that's what i use for mass market b2b is very similar it's very similar as in you can transfer these audiences over but one thing that also helps a whole lot is you start throwing in job titles or positions or their facebook page admin status okay so if you want to go in there and you throw everybody that has ceo owner entrepreneur ad manager in their job title you can easily do that in the job title targeting for b2b targeting and this will help you just a wee bit again i've had great success just transferring these over uh dodo version and using it for b2b as well but that also helps as well so i want to include it in there so what you do is you layer it with job titles positions and then you can also target people that own are admins of facebook groups and those are usually going to be people that might be entrepreneurs or business owners or something like that this is what works very very very well now do you want to go in there and play the demographics and whatnot usually the facebook optimization is going to handle that for you and as long as you're aware of the ad positioning that i talked about in the last video okay not running an ad that has a bad headline in the sidebar that doesn't work for sidebars you're going to do just fine this is what i'll use and then what we do so then the next thing we're going to want to do is we're going to want to set our pixel targeting and so here's where you're going to want here's what you're going to want to do for e-commerce or anything where you get a quick sale you want to just optimize it for the sale now for webinars and sales call funnels you want to split test it okay you should honestly just try optimizing for the call if you're doing a call funnel right away or the sale if you're doing a webinar funnel now here's the goofy wonky thing if i go and flip on my hi-ros data and again my job in in this video is not to push hiros on you i just i think it's absolutely crazy to be running a webinar or a call funnel especially or any type of funnel but especially those ones without proper tracking because you can see right here it literally does not catch the calls half the time you got a call coming in right here it didn't catch it got two calls coming in right here didn't catch it and more importantly we have sales coming in here and what i like to optimize for a lot of times is sales because the sale is what actually matters i can get tons of cheap calls but people who are cheap callers aren't people that routinely buy that's incredibly important when it comes to doing or tracking or optimizing any calls and it's nearly like facebook literally will not track sales for webinars or sales call funnels long term webinar funnels like good luck you'll catch like 30 50 of them call funnels you're not gonna catch any of them and so first off you want to pass this data back to facebook and optimize around this because obviously it's better to optimize around the two calls that came in instead of zero calls that were reported right here same thing going on right here that's gonna allow us to optimize better and have better pixel targeting on top of that we just won't literally kill ads that are literally generating calls for us i would have turned this ad off right here i would have turned this ad off right here and this ad literally generated me five thousand dollars for like 19 phone call i would have literally turned this ad off right here so not only would it make me make stupid decisions it's also optimizing around goofy data that isn't going to help me okay and you're going to run into the same exact thing with google ads as well and so it's very hard to optimize for calls and sales on any type of funnel with this type of data you're even going to see an e-commerce or short click to sale funnels okay and so i wanted to point that out you want to optimize for the call or sale on a webinar funnel or a call funnel because these are the people that actually buy people that opt-in are people that opt-in for free stuff okay that's like if you were selling cheese at a grocery store and you're optimizing for people to take free samples well people that take free samples aren't necessarily going to be the people that buy the cheese what you want to do is give free samples to people that are likely to buy the cheese that's how you optimize the free samples okay we could get like 50 cent opt-ins with people that have no chance of buying or calling same thing with e-commerce okay you can feed the data right back to your pixels well on facebook and you want to do that because again you're only going to catch like 70 of your sales in e-commerce usually that's what we see and if you have cross traffic going on with like google and organic stuff running oh my gosh all right so i'm just not even going to talk about that anymore because it frustrates me and if you're not doing that and you're running a serious ad funnel you're being an ad goblin okay just one of those crazy little things from lord of the rings it just has trash everywhere and it's just like eating bugs and stuff i don't know how to help you now then at that point we're going to try and get 100 of anything okay because the issue i brought up with optins doesn't apply to making a look-alike audience you could make a look-like audience of a hundred opt-ins okay so you make it look like audience of that at one percent or in e-commerce you can go make a look-alike audience of people that clicked your ad you can test that out look like audience out might not be the best one but you can definitely make a look like onto your first hundred sales once you have that you're really in a good spot in e-commerce and then we're just gonna keep going and keep making larger look-alike audiences based on all of our data so you're eventually gonna have a hundred opt-ins you're gonna have 100 calls you're gonna have 100 buyers so on and so forth you want to do that for either type of these so what we can do then is we make a one percent lookalike audience of our calls and then of our buyers and we can slowly just start upgrading these audiences to two percent and three percent especially as we start getting past like five hundred dollars a day on any of these audiences five hundred to a thousand dollars a day you're going to start hitting a little bit of pushback especially in info marketing e-commerce maybe not so much because you can go way broader with e-commerce on but same exact thing you would just want to make look-alike audiences of your buyers go one percent to two percent to three percent and then you can really start cracking out to the five or ten percent if you have a mass-market product and that's literally all you need to do i i told you this is kindergarten easy there isn't really that much to do after you understand what's going to be happening the main thing you need to look out for as as you start growing this when you go from 100 a day to a thousand dollars a day understand that these ads down here that are meant for a micro market and if they work for the micro market doesn't mean they're gonna work for the larger market when you get to a thousand dollars a day because again facebook has to go and expand what it's looking at this is one of the reasons why people have such trouble on youtube ads if you ever watch the youtube ads course uh that i've also released on here 100 free better than anything you can buy as well that's why most people get messed up in youtube whenever people come into our ad mastermind for youtube ads which if you're interested in that you can get details on that below i'll hop on a call with you and we can talk about your ads and what you've got going on and i'll help you out with that but more importantly when they come in the problem is there's no hundred dollars a day level at youtube okay you go straight into this thousand dollar a day blue ocean kind of thing and or ocean kind of thing and so you need to be able to make a broad ad right away and most people are so used to this area and facebook and they try and take this over here and it doesn't work but it's also the same thing that messes people up when they go on facebook ads because they try and take this type of ad and take it over here and they're like what's my targeting no it's not you can use look like audiences tell kingdom come so that being said guys that is what i use when it comes to facebook ad targeting two things look guys if you're watching this at this point i can't stress enough how important tracking is i made it very clear when it comes in terms of your ai and making scaling decisions so far i would really suggest that you go below if you're thinking about running ads seriously or you are running ads seriously and just book a high ros consultation if you do not see huge tracking results and make your ads more profitable and save you a ton of money and make your ai more optimized you literally do not pay no money okay there's we have a 90-day guarantee if people don't see results at scale their ads they don't pay so the worst thing that could happen if you go and book that consultation and come on the hi-ros your your ads stay where they're at right now the best thing that happened is you're suddenly like oh wait now i don't have to like make stupid ad and i will stop killing ads that are making me money and wasting money on ads that aren't and optimizing my ai off of goblin data on top of that if you would actually like help with your ads you'd like to see my actual ad targetings i'm using actually get guidance and whatnot go below and just book a consultation with me below and we will actually just go into your ad account and talk about how you can be scaling your type of offer uh primarily on facebook and youtube ads where youtube is a little bit of my speciality but as you can see i'm pretty damn confident in facebook as well and more so talk about how you can position your offer how you should structure your funnels and how you should really approach your market which is far more important to and youtube if you're interested in that just go below and schedule a consultation with me on top of that go and check out the hi-ros facebook group on facebook just go into the search bar type in hi-ros you should see hi-ros forum pop-up it has over 50 million dollars a month in media buyers in it meaning our members spend at least 50 million dollars a month combined on ads there is a qualification to join you have to be spending a significant amount of ad spend but if you can get in there it is the best group for media buyers online that being said also subscribe this video because we're not even done releasing this facebook course yet here on youtube it's 100 free i'm gonna be releasing the next one probably in the next few days so be sure to subscribe and i even included a few other videos after this video and there's also a link to our entire course that's on youtube as well if you're interested in learning that as well below this video so that's a lot of stuff but one of those things might interest you if not i'm sorry i couldn't be more alluring i'll see you in the next video [Music] [Applause]

================================================================================
TITLE: These 3 Offers DOMINATE Facebook ADs
VIDEO ID: 5G9kq5_hlDQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5G9kq5_hlDQ
================================================================================

look this is simple i'm just going to show you what you should be selling on facebook and youtube ads right now now look being the ceo of hiros it allows me to see exactly what's working across entire industries across entire ad platforms now let's back up for a second yes we are tracking literally almost hundreds of millions of dollars a month in product sales that being said i'm never going to share any exact tactics or strategies or what my clients are doing on there i'm never going to say oh this is what so-and-so is doing you should just copy this what i am able to share with you though and what i am comfortable sharing is what i see industry trend wise working and when it comes to facebook ads when it comes to youtube ads there's very particular set of funnels there's a very particular style of offers they're just working very very well and the reason i feel comfortable sharing this with you is you can easily see this on facebook and youtube you just don't know which ones are working and which ones are not there's a whole range of junk you're being shown on these platforms and if you understand what is converting really well right here what type of pricing what type of funnels are working you're gonna absolutely kill it you're gonna absolutely crush it this because people that get this they're doing very well so i think it's probably gonna be one of the most useful videos i share in this channel so without further ado we're just gonna hop into this all right guys so let's just let's just get into this there's three types of offers they're killing it right now the first type of offer that i see absolutely nuking it right now is call funnel offers for products that are above eight thousand dollars in the info marketing space two specific b2b industries let me explain this so ignore my chicken scratch though so what does it call funnel first off i'm gonna get into this in the next video where i get into the best funnels and i break them down and i'm going to explain every part of them but a call funnel for lack of better words is this we send people this is an example of a funnel that i'm running ads from for hirose and a person lands on this page from a facebook or youtube ad they enter their email and then get taken to a page with a simple sales video uh making an offer and i'll explain this more specifically here in a moment but i just want to show you because the person lands on this page they see the sales video they see that we got like basically every big person on planet earth using hieros for tracking their ad optimization and then they come down here and they book call okay so this is essentially how we've been growing high road slots one of the ways we've created one of the fastest growing tracking companies actually i think the fastest growing in the world right now that being said that's not what i'm telling you to make here i'm not saying make a sas company okay because i want to talk about offers that you can readily get accessible to though i think right now one of the biggest opportunities in sas marketing is having a high ticket sas software sold through a call funnel but this is what i'm seeing right here more so info products and done-for-you service products to specific industries now i'm not mentioning any industries that i've seen in highrose i'm just giving generic examples out there for example thinking about dental offices surgeons roofing contractors hair salons these type of offers to brick and mortar businesses where you can give them strategies and ways to increase their sales i've seen working like crazy and what i mean by crazy is when i look at and i go to masterminds or i go to ad conferences or i look at the trends across the entire ad industry what i'm seeing in this is this is usually the ads that are generating the highest roi i'm talking people putting in three thousand dollars and making i don't know 30 to 40 000 back i see that very consistently these 10x juicy rois and so if you're thinking about starting a business are you thinking about scaling up your business you're thinking about ways to grow it this type of funnel right here and this type of offer to specific brick and mortar b2b businesses absolutely super duper duper juicy right here the one thing i got to stress is that when you're running a funnel like this the first thing you got to do especially if you have multiple different traffic sources coming in just in general you can see right here if i'm going and using highrose tracking right here you can see the amount of calls that are actually reported by facebook and what actually comes into your business is wildly different because of view throughs and repeated pixel loadings and double pixeling of a person multiple traffic sources taking credit organic sources actually generating the sale and facebook not joining our sale just goes on and on and on that being said you can see alright right here i've tracked three calls right here reported two there were six calls right here reported eight i tracked seven right here at reported four and if i go in the highest and actually look at my calls coming in i don't have calls not being attributed i can go in and look at a call and see every single ad they've clicked in fact this person clicked last year in october and they didn't book a call until this month almost a year later and so i tracked all of that so i'm seeing all that and i need to use that accurate data a lot of people that are running call funnels right now they're not using accurate data so they're getting really weird cost per call and then even worse when they're running their ads they're not operating based on profit because you can't track call closes very well on facebook right now at all you can see right here in the report column what facebook caught nothing because it just can't track that and so running a call funnel without being able to track the calls accurately and the money coming in because sometimes you can have a ton of good calls a good call cost per call but it's not generating any money that's bad okay you don't pay for calls aren't generating money if you're not tracking those things you're going to have a really wonky call funnel i'll just leave it at that but if you can do that you're in a juicy spot right now now the next type of offer that's working exceptionally well that i've seen is webinar offers to odd side hustles okay so what does this mean this is another info product i'm going to get into an e-commerce product here in a second i think it's working really really well but webinar offers where you're selling something for the price of 497 to 997 that doesn't take a specific make money online model you might see people offering amazon fba and like tai lopez courses and whatnot i don't think that really works very well anymore what i think works absolute best is having an offer from 497 to 987 to 2 000 this sold via a webinar funnel outside of the make money online space so if you're a make money online person you probably you can still do this it works exceptionally well but if you want to be seeing like eight 10x rois what you want to be doing is what i see people doing is they're offering side hustles so i'm just gonna make something up here like for example if you could make extra money selling juice or something like that or extra money learning how to start your own side makeup artist business what people are looking for online it's working really really well right now is finding ways to make little side hustles to make an extra 100 300 500 bucks a month people don't want to start fully fledged businesses for example i'm comfortable talking about this i saw like dr axe offering some offer who was talking about how to become a licensed ascension essential oil consultant whatever that is those type of offers killing it right now those are what that's what people really want to buy in the info space if you're selling information and so what a webinar funnel is is you have an opt-in you send people to maybe an hour-long presentation that ends with an offer for a 497 product to a 2 000 product but usually what i'm seeing best is like 497 to 9.97 okay that's what i see working just across the entire industry in mastermind and ad events and whatnot and you might be wondering first off two questions one why why are we only doing high ticket stuff right now it's because simply put high ticket works better because if it's much easier to get three people out of a hundred to buy a thousand dollar product than it is to get thirty people out of a hundred to buy a hundred dollar product that's just how the numbers work out usually you're going to have three people that are hyper interested six people 10 people it's very hard to get 30 percent of people that come through a funnel they'll all spend a hundred dollars it's much easier to get three of them to each spend a thousand dollars and so the reason why you want to do high tick is it simply works so much better so let's simply imagine we're paying two dollars to get a person to sign up for a webinar and we got a thousand people to sign up all right so we got or we had to spend two thousand dollars now if we can just get three of those people to spend a thousand dollars we're at a three thousand dollar revenue one thousand dollar profit kind of situation now same situation if we're selling a hundred dollar product and we got 10 of people to buy which is extremely hard to do okay let's just see even 20 percent of people we got 20 of people to buy we're at 2 000 revenue and a no money situation just by simply playing with these numbers right here and by the way getting a 20 conversion rate on that that's toasty that's that's really hard to do getting a three percent conversion rate on an ad isn't really that hard even at the higher tickets okay so that's why i see on sleep see people in my ad mastermind the vast majority of them run webinars and the ones that have gone from like i don't know 20k a month i saw one of them go to 400k a month literally using that type of strategy going purely high ticket that's like the big change when they suddenly stop selling stuff for a hundred dollars and then go and start selling it for one thousand to two thousand dollars and again these are people that have experience with that this isn't some beginner stuff and a lot of the reason why they're able to do is they just literally go and copy all the ad copying funnels that i use to scale my my info product actual webinar to eight figures and so just go and copy that but it's not about copying it it's not about the mass running of that junk right there i'm just saying that the big thing that helped me a lot was increasing at the high ticket and then running that type of webinar funnel specifically out of where webinar funnels are being ran right now for example in the make money online niche people they're running them everywhere that's why it's very hard to make like more than a two to three x ro on your ads when you break outside of this niche and start selling other type of products like that works super duper well finally the last funnel i've seen and this is just a general business i'm aware of that i actually saw us working with and i started seeing it everywhere else is extremely high ticket e-commerce so a lot of people in e-commerce they're working with like low-ticket items or 27 to 29 to 100 that's like the cap that i see a lot of times what i'm seeing in e-commerce that absolutely crushes it is 20 thousand dollar-ish products plus absolutely crushes and the funnels that i'm seeing it's so comical because the thing is people don't go shopping let's just say for example for solar panels they don't go to a solar panel store they browse around online and the thing is you can almost exclusively have a lockdown on these type of offers if you run them online and the thing is you don't have to have a complicated funnel because a lot of people are already looking for these offers for example i'm in the market right now for an infrared sauna and it's expensive it's like 10 grand i'm not gonna where am i going to go shop for this for brick and mortar i'm exclusively going to look for it online and the thing is it's not going to take a lot for me to book a call i just need a good general sales page and this is where it's really fun to me because a lot of these e-commerce businesses they're just sending people just strictly to a sales page there's there's not a call funnel there's no opt-in or anything going on they just have information that talks about the product and then hey you got to book a call with us there's no price or anything at that this right here just simple ad talking about the benefits of the product a simple sales page doing that and then just offering a sales call funnel at the bottom this is generating some of the most comical products that i'm seeing from ads right now because you have an exclusive iron-clad lockdown on this market right here and the people don't need to be sold as much as if you're selling info products which is what a lot of people are trying to do with high-ticket phone calls or for done-for-you services right now a person knows if they want for example solar panels person knows that they want an infrared sauna okay you don't have to go too far out of your way to convince people to do this especially when they're watching all the benefits on you you can literally just go to youtube right now and target people that are watching for example solar panel videos you can target people that are watching infrared sauna videos they're so easy to target and they're already pre-sold by what's on youtube so it blows my mind this right here is this is the nuclear bomb right here so these are the three types of offers that are killing it right now my big suggestion to you look in the high ticket again like i showed you before i'm just looking at my higher horse mad manager with my extension and right now you're going to see the call volumes on a lot of these different funnels are radically different than what's actually coming in especially when you go and actually track your ltv of your ads so for like example i can come in here and say how much is this call worth to me and you saw before it takes almost a year for a person to book a phone call and in some examples so i need to know the long-term ltv of people that put calls with us so as you can see right here i make 750 dollars after six months from every single phone call and so we're usually paying like 150 200 bucks per call and so if i'm looking at the face value of the funnel it's not too great over six months it's ridiculous though and so this is really how i run my business if you want help setting up tracking like this just schedule consultation with us below at hiros and we'll literally just look in your ad account find where all the waste is and all the bad data is if you have it and then we can just set it up for you and on top of that if you want to get on that mastermind i mentioned before we don't just let anybody in but if you want to get an analysis of your ads and have me actually hop on a call with you review your ads point out what type of funnel you should be running what type of targeting you should be using basically giving you all the copy and whatnot that i talked about that i've given to other people just go and book a consultation with me below and we can hop on and do that that being said hopefully enjoyed this free content today if you want to see more content like this subscribe to the channel and also go to facebook and just search for the hi-ros facebook group we have a qualification process to get in but if you pass a qualification process there's over 50 million a month in ad spend from our media buyers in that group meaning that if you combine everyone together that's how much you're all spending it is a treasure trove of actual ad running knowledge so go check out those things i also put some videos at the end of the video for you and if you have any questions go one post in the comment section below on youtube and i try within the first 24 hours answer questions so that's it i'll see you next video you

================================================================================
TITLE: 2021's #1 Killers Of Facebook Ad ROI
VIDEO ID: 4ySQQ-ovDCg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ySQQ-ovDCg
================================================================================

this video is going to cover why your facebook ads stop working and why they stop scaling and why when you always get to a certain point or after a certain amount of time they suddenly get more expensive or you suddenly can't scale any further look at highrose i see all the data coming in through all sorts of businesses through their ads and whatnot well i will never share any of that i can show you most of the time why ads are not growing more importantly i can identify from my own experience of growing multiple businesses past eight figures with ads working with businesses doing that there's usually about four things that happen that are the reason why ad stops scaling and it has nothing to do with the ad targeting it has nothing to do with the ad copy it has nothing to do even with the funnel has an understanding of how the ads are working with the audiences on facebook and if you understand this well this is how you take your ads from struggling the past two thousand dollars a day an ad spend to going well past five thousand ten thousand dollars a day this works also on google this works on facebook this works on pinterest ads it doesn't matter it's the same concept across all of them and that's what i'll show you today from my personal experience and from all my experience with working with so many different clients and tracking at house now you're probably wondering alex why are you telling me this why are you giving me all this information it's simple i want you to scale your ads because when you scale your ads up and make more money you're going to need to track it to keep scaling further and when you get to that point you're probably gonna think hmm that ceo at hyrus he helped me out maybe i'll track my ads with hiros because that will help me make a lot more revenue and save a ton of money so i can scale more efficiently that's all so i want you to get to that point so maybe you'll track with us that being said let's hop into it i want to show you these four things because if you can just nail these down this is going to reverse the whole entire rubik's cube puzzle that is facebook ads youtube ads and allow you to scale well infinitely higher okay guys so unlike our other trains which you can also see all over the channel like last week i showed a bunch of different hacks will just immediately increase your facebook ad roi and even on youtube as well a lot of those trainings were in the ad manager we're getting pretty in-depth today is more about an understanding of what's going on with targeting see what most people do when they're trying to scale their ads is they think the secret to why their ads are not making money is the targeting and this is just the furthest thing from the truth targeting is the easy part of ads if you are your ads are not working it's not because you're not using targeting right it's because you're not understanding how the targeting works and what you should be selling to specific targetings and at scale how you should be selling to large groups of people or smaller groups of people or certain markets it's a complete misunderstanding of market size and what the market should be being sold that's usually why people's ads die for example inside of my youtube and facebook ad consulting program iron i'm constantly sharing all my split tests my exact targeting my funnels everything has been working for my business and i'm not trying to push this to you here what i'm trying to tell you is that when i see people come in the program and triple forex their businesses 5x their businesses and again this is people that are actual business owners they're actually running ads these are not beginners coming in and blowing up a business i want to be very clear there but when people come in there it's almost never targeting i give people my exact targeting which isn't that complicated and their business takes off and grows not because of the ad target it grows because they position the right offer to the right market and the right broadness of targeting so targeting is never going to be your solution that is something that ad gurus are going to tell you because they want you to think it's some complicated solution you'll never understand it's never the targeting i spent i've scaled my ads to 25 000 a day on youtube i've skilled fifteen thousand dollars a day on facebook and it's been done using the most simplest targeting look-alike audiences on facebook the word money the word money on youtube worked exceptionally well for me at chimpanzee can do that level of targeting what a chimpanzee cannot do is what i'm about to show you right here see whenever you're selling to a marketplace there's four different levels in the marketplace especially when it comes to bdb which is what most people watching this channel sell but this applies ecommerce supplies anything so let's imagine this marketplace right here is 10 000 people and we're selling real estate coaching we're showing people how to make money in real estate just an easy niche for me to explain it in i actively don't do this niche or anything like that but it's the same across every niche out there so you have to understand that the first layer of this audience is a very very small layer of people that are actually making money and are actively participating in real estate and making anywhere from 50 to anywhere actually any amount of money in real estate okay out of all the people inside this entire marketplace there's probably about 200 of these people and this 10 000. next the next layer of people is people that actively want to start doing real estate they might be making a little bit of money but not fifty thousand or just sort of getting into and they they've chosen like i want to do real estate i want to do some real estate marketing this would only be maybe another 500 people and so if we're looking at the true b2b potential of this marketplace right here it's extremely small and i'll get into why this is important here in a second but if we look at the rest of the marketplace the next audience size right here is people that just want to start a business they're committed to actually going and becoming entrepreneurs and making their own business and so this might be another 2 000 people in the marketplace and in the final rest of the marketplace right here the about i don't know 7 000 rest of them are people that just simply want more money these are people who want more money and so what happens here's where most people get crushed and this applies to any business that's out there if you don't get this gap this is why you get messed up is people try and take this offer right and sell it to these people right here when you're trying to scale up and go broad you're going to quickly get into this area because if you're spending ten thousand bucks a day there is not enough people who are actively making money in real estate for ten thousand dollars a day an ad spend to be deployed it's just not you're going to have to separate across many different platforms and many different different promotional methods and so this doesn't work right here and this is why most people ads die because they go and take this off right here they position it pretty cheaply like one thousand to two thousand dollars and then they try and scale it and sell it to a mass market that doesn't work or what they try and do is they try and take a mass market product about making more money in real estate in general and sell it to a person that is already making substantial money in real estate they don't want to buy that they want to buy the next thing up and so what happens is people either try and take a 1 000 to 2 000 offer that's designed for this marketplace and bring it to these people well there's not enough people in this marketplace right here to support that if i sold you would run out of all 200 of these people very quickly the same thing happens on facebook and youtube ads on the flip side you can't take this offer right here which is ten thousand dollars and sell to this marketplace right here and on the flip side this offer right here which would be if we were making an offer specifically for these people would be how to grow your real estate business that you're already making money in won't work in this marketplace right here and this is where most people's ads die because they try and take this offer this marketplace this marketplace to this marketplace it doesn't work like that you need to say who am i targeting am i targeting b2b which is people that are actively involved in something or am i targeting people with more base needs am i targeting the mass market and you need to understand that that's who you're selling to and you're not selling anybody else this is the number one reason why ads die because what happens when you first start up your ads your ads are very micro targeted and this works great if you're in b2b where there's a micro audience for example people that actually actively own a dental office but the problem is with micro targeting there's not enough traffic to actively support massive skill so you have to sell very expensive offers an offer that's five thousand ten thousand twenty five thousand dollars because then you can scale that you either have to have a really deep backend or a very expensive offer this is where most people make a lot of money doing this because if you understand the audience is small you can stick to micro targeting and you don't have to scale very far to make a lot of money as soon as you start scaling out on facebook as soon as you start getting past a thousand two thousand dollars per day you start branching off into a very broad audience of people these are people with very base simple needs and you need to understand that a lot of people will try and take a middle ground offer that plays to both audiences at the same time and scale that and it won't work because the middle ground offer is not expensive enough to be supported by the micro audiences but it's also not positioned well enough to work with the base audiences for example the base audiences don't want a real estate course they want a way to make money quickly without effort and this applies to anything weight loss home improvement whatever okay you get from people that just want a push button solution you need to be convinced to get started on a path whereas you have people that are already far down the path you need to sell them completely different things at completely different price points and so what happens right here is when people go and they usually start with their base offers or base offers they sell a 1 000 to 2 000 offer that works at these micro audiences but won't scale because they can't make enough money at the micro audiences and so they try and scale it large they try and scale it to a mass audience and it doesn't work because the mass audience doesn't want to buy that and then the the micro audience also doesn't want to buy it either so they end up in this weird limbo where their ads don't make an roi and so that's the first thing you need to understand who am i going to sell to and what is my scale going to look like for example at harvest our ads are extremely profitable but we're not scaled very far because we target ad runners that's a very small audience sometimes the audience and marketplace you're selling to isn't that large and so you need to focus on instead making exxon offers that you can charge extremely high prices for and so that's the biggest mistake i see number one but the next thing i also see is not understanding how other your competitors back ends work so with a lot of times with your ads let's say you're running a funnel that requires you to pay ten dollars for a person to come in well as you scale up the increase or the the because of the broadness of your targeting the amount you're gonna have to pay is going to increase you're gonna get from ten dollars to fifteen dollars to 20 eventually that's gonna become too much for you and the reason why is because the person that's making this get up to twenty dollars like somebody's willing to pay that amount for the lead is probably one of your competitors as a super deep back-end so for example the time in my consulting group iron what i'll see all the time is i'm going to see people they start seeing their cpl going up they're cost to get a lead in and then they just can't do it anymore and they're like how do i how do i make this work and their funnel and everything is optimized they've copied everything i've done we've shared we've gone into everything they're doing it's just not going to happen so the way that they actually make this work is you need to go and say okay cool i got a i got a 2 000 off right here we need to have a deeper backend because for example if you look at any of the largest businesses in any space you look at the real estate coaching space you look at the e-commerce space you look in weight loss pace doesn't matter the largest businesses usually don't make money on their front end they usually lose money getting a customer in the door for example i was looking at a huge self-help guru and he spends about three months of what a customer spends to get him in the door so that means if a customer on average when they opt in spends 30 dollars with them over three months that's how much he spends so he loses 30 up front so what you need to understand is that when you're doing this the number one way to make sure your ads actually scale further is you need to find a way to make it so that if you are getting a lead in and you used to be able to only pay ten dollars per lead you need to make it so you can pay thirty dollars per lead that's how you scale you don't focus on the targeting and i know this chicken scratch looks nice but don't focus on the targeting you can only do so well with the targeting and once you understand that concept i showed you before your targeting is going to be pretty simple and good to go what you want to do is you need to make sure that you can afford to pay more per lead and that's by getting people to spend more over a month two months five months 10 months and the only way you can do that is you actively have to track it which just allows me to segment into the next thing you need to know just straight up if i go look at some of our high-risk tracking results right here and i look at last click you're going to consistently see when you just use ad manager tracking you're not going to get the accurate data that's coming in you need to be using print tracking there's just not enough points of there's not enough touch points for them to actively track anything to the point you need to once you're at scale you can see right here for example we only had seven calls well reported 11 calls and there was actually no sales from this and you can see right here i reported one call when there was actually two calls and there's actually a mass amount of profit from this and so i'm going to scale around these things you can even see right here reports six calls when there's three report eight calls when there is five and i can go into my back end and hirose and i can look at the sources for every single one of my calls none of my calls are not getting attributed okay and this is chronic when you have multiple traffic sources chronic when you have organic traffic this is chronic when you're doing social media every single one of my calls right here is being attributed there's not some bogus calls that are being tracked by facebook and then not being tracked by us we literally have the exact county call sheet plugged into here and so you need to know the true source of where your calls are coming from you know the true source where your leads are coming from and you you need to know and you need to know the true source of where your sales are coming from this applies to e-commerce webinars and whatnot and again i'm just showing you very quickly over my shoulder and my job is not to push harus on you in this video but when you're operating off of incorrect data you're operating off of incorrect data and that's not too bad when you're at a hundred bucks a day scale when you're at five thousand ten thousand bucks a day scale that thirty percent five 25 40 you're off by that starts to really kill your ads because your ad budgets and profits gets much tighter at scale and the way you scale is by having those 30 to 50 margins especially at scale for example if i'm spending 10k a day and i have 30 waste on my account and that results in me only making 10k a day back i can't scale if i fix this 30 50 of waste and i'm making 13k a day back off of 10k suddenly i can scale so i can scale quite easily and as you go and start buying and scaling up your ads that waste right there is going to come and bite you because your profit margin goes down as you scale always and so you need to keep that profit margin as high as you possibly can for for as long as you possibly can and then again the other thing i was talking about you need to know the ltv you need to know the back end for your customers so for example this one funnel right here cost me about 150 200 bucks to get a phone call and that's been gradually going up for a long time now but i know if i track everything my customers buy over a period of time back to the original ads that i'm making 749 for every single person that books a call with us so i'm just fine paying 200 per phone call almost 3.5 xing my money cash every single time just for this one simple funnel that's how you scale your ads because if i was looking at the upfront value by week one or week two my ltv is 187 bucks and that's really what the ad managers are going to be able to catch they're not going to track this far out they're just not there's too many phone switches there's too many device switches there's too many ip switches there's too many cookie clearings it's not going to happen and so my business would be dead in the water if i was going up these numbers so track your stuff okay trying to scale with 30 50 waist in the account and then not knowing your ltv it's just making it so you're playing a massive disadvantage because every other big business is doing this when they're scaling and this example right here i'm just using hiros i don't know how else you could do this but whatever way you decide to do it even if you don't want to use hiros like figure out some way to do it because it's incredibly important for scaling finally you have to understand this thing as well when you first launch an offer you're going to have this marketplace and there's going to be a segment of the marketplace it's just hungry it's not huge but maybe 25 the marketplace just really wants to buy what you're selling because of this when you first start up ads it's going to be artificially high your roi is going to be higher than it will normally be over time and what's going to happen as you go deeper and deeper into this marketplace is you're going to start burning through people who have different layers of interest and eventually you're getting into this big void right here of people that really need to be sold to and convinced and so what's gonna happen is when you first kick up your ads even if you get to a thousand two thousand dollars a day sale scale you're going to see okay cool i spend a thousand dollars a day i make 5k back and then after three months you're going to say whoa oh i spend a thousand dollars a day and i only make 3k back then i spend 1k a day and i only make 1.5 k back what's happening is the offer dead no what's happening is you sold out to all the people that are super interested and you're going to have to consistently improve your copy you're going to have to increase consistently improve the opt-in rates in every little aspect of your funnel and that's just normal and so what you need to be thinking about when you have your ads is expect the roi to always be falling and we need to be constantly looking at how can i improve the offer to convert higher how can i improve the copy to be more convincing what am i not understanding about the customers how can i increase the opt-in rate of our webinar of our sales call funnel of our e-commerce business how can i go and improve and improve this by another five percent because you need to understand that when you're at 5k day what most people do is they sit back on their loins and just chill out for example when i was scaling an offer to a million dollars per month i got it to 300 000 a month very quickly and then it started breaking even then i went and improved it more and got it to a million a month in sales then it did the same exact thing then it went backwards again and either going to improve the offer again and if i had just been this entire time just knowing that it was going to collapse i could have really countered this off and stopped my ads from going into a place where the roi got unacceptable and so that's the last tip i wanted to give you right there and that is why people's facebook and youtube ads die that is why they died they're selling to the wrong market segment like i showed you before they're trying to sell a b2b offer to a mass market or they're trying to sell a mass market to a b2b audience they're pricing the product wrong for the audiences they're trying to sell a cheap product to a small audience never works they're trying to sell a super expensive product to a mass audience they're not positioning right that's the number one reason why people's ads fall apart next people aren't tracking their ltv or more importantly they just aren't tracking even their upfront numbers okay i've seen so many people webinars i've seen my webinar where if i go and track them in hiros then we're only catching 30 40 of sales that results in so much waste in the account and then finally people are again always looking at their targeting instead of looking at long-term optimization of the funnel which is something that's just always going to need to happen and hopefully it's way more optimized than my chicken scratch test so this is exactly what you should be looking at now guys like always in this video i was showing you inside my hi-ris account if you actually just want to track your ads get a demo want us to analyze your account and show you where all your waste is at schedule a call with us below we'll go through we'll look at what you're doing with your ads we'll look at how your tracking can be improved we'll look at how much money you can save and we'll just show you how much money you can save if there is potential for it to be saved if there isn't potential for you to scale more with tracking there isn't potential for you to save a ton of money we'll just tell you that okay because at highrose when people come to high roast there's a 90 day refund guarantee so if people don't see dramatic tracking results and all the things i talked about in this video they don't pay so we're just straight up with you there on top of that if you're interested in getting more info on that funnel and ad consulting mastermind i talked about there's a link below as well you can go on there i'll hop on a call with you we'll talk about how you can improve your ads what you're doing and again we'll just be straight and say oh this could be a huge gain for you in the business and if you're interested in joining you can or we'll just show you some really cool things on the call that's it finally what i really encourage you to do if you're watching this video because you're interested in ads join the hi-ros facebook group just just go to facebook type in hirose should be one of the first things that shows up the high official hirose forum there is a qualification process you need to be spending some significant ad spend in there however we have over 50 million a month in ads spent in there if you put all of our members together and so it's pretty much the best ad form you could possibly be on online right now so i would go check that out that being said subscribe this channel because i release new videos which is crazy in-depth training like this every single week and if you want to see those well you should be subscribed so you get notified that's it check out the other videos at the end of this video as well i'll link some of my best ones as well for you and i'll see you next time i post on this channel this has been alex becker thanks for checking us out and i'll see you next time [Music] [Applause]

================================================================================
TITLE: This HTML Swap DOUBLES Facebook Ad Profits
VIDEO ID: M1c7znLE1sE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1c7znLE1sE
================================================================================

in this video i'm going to show you three simple things that will reduce your ad cost on facebook even youtube ads actually any ads where you're running something and you need people to convert higher these three little micro adjustments will make your opt-ins your conversion rate your sales rate much higher without you actually changing anything on your funnel because what i've seen constantly from working with clients at hi-ros and looking at all the information coming in there and just my own funnels is that there's usually these small hang-ups that people just don't know about in their funnels like for example the type of html that's page or how you're loading up your scripts or just simply how you're linking to your pages from facebook they can go and easily increase your conversion rate by another five ten in fact i'm going to show you a little switch in this that i made that makes almost virtually no difference to the funnel functionally took me absolutely no effort and improved my opt-in rate by almost 30 that increases my profit my roi my revenue by 30 as well so it's definitely worth it and that's what we're gonna get into in today's highways training it's that damn simple if you're wondering why i'm teaching all these things it's simple when your ad accounts grow you're probably going to need to track them and if i help you grow your ad accounts you're probably going to think maybe i should track them with hiros it's going to help you save so much money on your ads and help you scale much further once you get to some type of scale so i'm going to help you scale as much as i possibly can so that being said we're going to hop into my computer right now and i want to show you these three things this just saved me a whopping butt ton of money and maybe a lot more revenue so let's skip to intros and fancy talk just get these and surprise surprise i'm gonna do way more than three i was doing this list and there's so many little things that have improved my roi immensely without effort so i'm just gonna share them all with you and then i'll stop when i get bored so first one right here this one is huge this is a case study i shared inside my uh consulting mastermind we basically go over our funnels and our ads and basically everything i'm doing and everything i've done the scalia figure businesses more importantly i share all my tests and everything i'm doing there and this test was huge so i knew this was going to happen because i did this with one of my first info businesses a lot of people host all their opt-ins on landing page softwares you might be using click funnels or other landing page softwares now convert tree out here is actually pretty good but most landing page softwares they're very slow and you wouldn't notice this because when you check your landing pages you're probably checking from your computer or your phone and you're using a place has a good connection but you have to understand most people browsing around facebook and watching youtube ads they're you a lot of the time not at their home they're not in a stable internet connection so they're going to be working with pretty small or slow download speeds and so these can take ages to download seven seconds 10 seconds this page for example right here when we converted it from click funnels to pure html the opt-in rate jumped from 18 uh to 32 you can see that in this test right here this one the first test that came in and after about 250 visitors the final results were what was on click funnels was 18 and what was on html was i believe 31 percent that's massive that's 30 percent more customers opting in that means if i have a funnel that's sharing 100k a month from that 18 opt-in rate i go and increase that that thing is going to generate an extra thirty thousand forty thousand a month just for making that change that's all i did that's all i did drastically improved opt-in rates now do i suggest you take all your funnels off of click funnels or landing page software no what i see when people go to the next page is they're a little bit more lenient with the load time so there's a lot of advantages to be on a landing page software so just letting you know that but you want your first landing pages to be in total hyper fast html you can upload this directly to your site no wordpress no anything and that's going to give you the maximum oomph and this is the most important page of your funnel because how people interact with it determines the whole entire rest of the interaction okay so if you can get past my ugly face right here i'm about to share two other huge things this this applies to youtube supplies of facebook first off biggest one at the end of your videos let the person know when it's done i can't stress this enough when you're doing this on youtube especially what happens is a lot of people end their ad and it just ends so the person a lot of people are going to watch the ad and it just boom ends on them and then they're watching their video and then they're watching cats and you've lost them so what you want to do is at the end of your videos just have a simple message saying hey it's time to click the ad click to get the script and the free training on how to use it that's it that's it's the most immensely important thing you can do and you should also do this on facebook as well if you don't do this people watch the ad then it stops then they don't know what to do next they do know what to do next but they have to be prodded okay next thing i'd really suggest is that the top of your ads in in facebook and youtube ads have a extremely curiosity peaking headline you don't want to tell them what the person is going to see in the video what you want to do is you want to create curiosity to get them to click the video and turn on sound on facebook or to get them to watch that five seconds on youtube this right here and what you say right here is incredibly important on youtube because those first five seconds you don't want to tell them what they're going to see because then they know what they're going to see and they're going to click away you want to say something that's extremely interesting to your target market for example if i said something like you know watch this cat eat a pizza in 10 seconds it's going to get the entire internet watching it that's not good that's going to drive up my view rate on my ads and drive up the cost i want to have something that says something like the biggest edge in digital ads right now and it only means something to for example you if you're watching this video you're interested in ads i'm going to track you on that video and repulse everybody else that's how you keep the ad costs a lot lower especially on youtube again just because a video has really high interaction and views doesn't mean it's getting the right people in fact on youtube we'll make your costs a lot higher if you're attracting everybody because then they're going to show up to everybody and we don't want everyone who wants to watch a cat eat a pizza want everybody who wants to create digital ads or whatever your target market is okay so the next one guys this is again so simple because you just have to do it you don't have to add anything to it track your ads you can see right here the funny thing that's going on is you can see that if i'm going off of what google is telling me this example right here one i'm using call funnel so google's not going to track my sales i constantly see people optimizing their ads for opt-ins and calls specifically if you're doing this it's going to get you calls but that doesn't mean all calls are created equal it also doesn't mean all opt-ins are created equal the only thing you want to be optimizing in your funnels for is sales okay and so this is using the high-risk extension right here i don't know how else you can do this i'm not trying to push hiros onto you right now but the only way i could actually track my sales and optimize around actual numbers is by doing this and more importantly just be hyper aware of this the facebook pixel is not going to go and consistently deliver accurate results you can see right here if i go and look at let's say these audiences right here and i go look at these results of the calls coming in i guarantee this audience right here that says eight calls right here you can see it only generate three calls now i'm perfectly happy with this 400 per column my niche is absolutely excellent for me but a lot of times what you're going to see with view through conversions and how facebook loads up its pixels it's going to report more calls than it's actually bringing in and on top of that it's not going to be again reporting off of actual sales coming in as well and so my biggest advice for you too is don't take what's being reported to you at face value in there first off always optimize around money because if you do that you're going to get the best roi most people don't and so they have these call funnels or webinar funnels or even e-commerce funnels where they're going off all these metrics are relevant to the cash that's coming in and if you incentivize google and facebook to deliver calls and opt-ins it's going to deliver those as much as it possibly can ignore the roi because it's not being targeted towards roi and then finally the next thing is understand that view through conversions and double firing of pixels and everything that goes on that's a thing it's a it's a big real thing i can go in and verify every single one of these calls and where they came from i can go inside of hiros and i can see every single call that came in and attribute where it came from you can see i have not missed attribution on a call out of 20 calls that came in there's only one that didn't get attributed okay 2 out of 30 at this point right here i see where every single one came from there's no calls coming in my system that aren't attributed and so what a lot of people are doing is they're working off this number right here and that's just causing all sorts of chaos in their business they don't even know okay this cost per call is fine for me but i see people paying a thousand dollars per call when they think they're getting a hundred dollars per call don't do that it takes seconds to set that up and actually track your ads which i suggest using hiris or you can use whatever solution you want just just do it okay so the next one i want to show you i see this all the time on facebook you see this fold right here the seymour you need to understand that most people coming from facebook most people in general these days are on their phone so this is all people are going to see on their phone and what a lot of people do is they go and write their ads thinking that people are going to click see more i don't know about you i don't click see more on a lot of ads so while people will go and click see more and while you will see slightly better conversions when people read your entire script and it's well written it's great copy what i've found is extremely important is you need to make your message wrap up or at least be very clear before this see more link right here when you're writing out your message you can see i have about this line right here to make a point ai tracking drops add cpa by 30 to 50 it allows optimization other businesses cannot replicate and it takes two seconds to set up you want to create curiosity and you want to create the big benefit they're going to get if they click see more more importantly click see this ad next thing you want to do that i think is also super important is you want to create almost tmz like headlines you want to create something that tells a story you never want to tell people exactly what they're going to get come here and get this blueprint nobody wants a blueprint they want to hear the end of a story these two things right here on facebook ads work like gangbusters and you should really check out my last video on how to design thumbnails because i have a little bit more insight when it comes to designing thumbnails because i have 500 000 subscribers on my youtube channel i know the algorithm works because i know how people click images and if you understand how to do that with your facebook images your youtube ad images you're going to do so much better when it comes to ctr and so i'm not going to talk about images right now but those are two things right there i see people just mess up all the time they tell people exactly what they're going to get there's no story to be completed and they they write the whole entire thing like this they just keep writing and they like write their entire message and then the message gets cut off by seymour and people on their mobile phones are not seeing the message they're not getting curiosity and their cpl goes up and it's just bonkers and they're sending people to landing pages created on landing page platforms that are slow they're driving their opt-ins through the roof next thing i want to show you on here and this only really applies to webinars and opt-in type funnels it's so easy if you simply go on your funnels and offer an extra bonus on this one i offer a copy and paste tracking script to accomplish this right here but one thing that really increased our opt-in rates at hcom which was my info business i took the eight figures last year is what i also offered was a cheat list of the best products if you go in there and you make your big headline and then you offer just a small bonus you don't want to have a bonus that completely replaces the need to opt in but if you offer something on top of it so for example in our age commands i said we're going to show you exactly how we built the shopify store and got to this level and also if you come and check this out we're going to give you a list of the most high converting products online right now that you can be selling doing that right there just dramatically increased our opt-ins we didn't change anything just instantly the opt-in rates increased by 10 so we went from 30 to closer to 40 percent and that doesn't seem huge 10 seems small but that's actually a 25 ish it's a very large increase it's a 30 increase almost on the amount of people coming to the funnel that's huge that's huge it's almost one-third more customers coming in that increases the entire business just doing something simple like that can just change everything another little tip that i'm going to show you that really helped our opt-ins whenever you put in an image right here don't put an image of yourself looking professional in a suit that's what everybody does looking like everybody else never works for anybody at least when you want to get to higher levels that's just some general advice right there but what i find works really quickly is you create an image that looks like a video is about to be played that creates curiosity people love charts and graphs this is not a large lee applicable piece of advice but if you can go and get charts and graphs in your content people always want to know what's going on in charts and graphs i can watch wistia videos and the attention goes up whenever a graph comes up or a chart you ad runners love graphs and charts anyways having this right here with the play button right here people click that like crazy and then once a person has clicked it and became began the action chain they're usually going to go and type in their email all right so it's really just about getting this click on this page and so this is a really kind of kind of coy way tongue-in-cheek way to get the click and it works it works final thing i'm going to give you try ugly pages or at least split test them this page right here is terrible so ugly but when i go look at most people's opt-ins it looks like we're going and signing up to go to an elon musk tesla convention okay it's it's ridiculous and i'm not saying ridiculous to be rude or saying that it's stupid i'm saying it's ridiculous because i know it doesn't convert as well because i've tested almost every single type of opt-in and landing page there is these ugly white background blank text pages just convert higher i would use a different page if something else convert higher because frankly i don't like these pages i want my pages to look nice and hot and sexy but this always converts higher because really the most important thing when it comes to ads is readability and that the person understands what they're looking at that's really it that's truly really it and so what i suggest you do with your opt-in pages or your ads is try using really simple pages if you look at amazon it looks terrible but there's no way it's not the most optimized form of a page okay no one really comes and looks at a page that says oh man this doesn't look good or not when they're making those knee-jerk decisions maybe when it comes to like researching something you go to apple's website they have beautiful pages go to you know any other cool website of their beautiful pages purple.com is an example however when people are making knee-jerk decisions you need to just give them the information so they can make the knee-jerk decision as fast as possible because knee-jerk decisions aren't done through thought they're done like that you're walking through the the line at let's say target you see a candy bar you pick it up you go okay this always converts significantly that being said guys that's the train for today those are a couple things that have just dramatically improved my roi it take almost no effort to do real quickly if you want to see how to track your ads like i talked about before how to make sure that you're working with the right data just go schedule a hi-ros call with us below we will actually analyze your ad account and make sure that one you actually have the ability to do this and it's a good fit for you and that you will actually see an roi if you start tracking like this and we'll even show you probably where most of your stats are off that's what we do on these calls and if you want to have us set this up for you we'll do that for you too and you're going to see the same exact result that i've showed you right here because at high risk we have a 90 day refund guarantee that means if you don't see these results and you don't make more money we don't make any more money on top that i mentioned my consulting mastermind where i basically walk people through all my ads and funnels and everything i've done to scale my if you're interested in applying for that or you want to hear more about that just go below as well schedule a consultation with me i'll take a look at your ads i'll take a look at your funnels and i'll say this is exactly how you need to be scaling this business it's pretty clear i'll even show you the targeting and ad copy and type of funnel you should be using and on top of all that check out our facebook group below it's a it requires an application but we have over 50 million dollars a month worth of media buyers in there and it's frankly the best ad buying group online right now just period there's no group that has more people in it that are spending the amount of money of all the media buyers that we have in our group the only one i can think of is like paid and who wants to do that so check that all out and i will see in the next video be sure to watch your email be sure to subscribe to this youtube channel i'm just gonna keep releasing content like this you see you can scale your ads and then hopefully hop on iris in the future it's been becker i'll catch you later [Applause] [Music] you

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Scaled To 20 Million With Youtube Ads
VIDEO ID: 6Own8w3Fr4M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Own8w3Fr4M
================================================================================

hirolians it's becker let's talk youtube ads this is a big mystery for a lot of people and in this video i'm just going to tell you and show you the best way to start a youtube ad campaign and then scale it up let's say to a thousand bucks a day if you follow what's in this video youtube ads are gonna be really easy i think it's the best traffic source especially for broad traffic if you have an offer that's under two thousand dollars i think this is the best place for you to start looking at because it scales so well and you get such a broad reach when it comes to audiences you can just blow it up like that so what i want to do in this video is show you the exact type of targeting and audiences and type of ads you should run when you're starting it up and show you exactly how i start all my campaigns that's it you might be wondering alex what's the catch here's the catch i want you to make more money from your ads because when you make more money from your ads you're probably going to want to make even more money the best way to do this to track your ads with hiros and then when you combine this information with hiros you're going to make tons more money and upgrade your hires account and therefore we'll make more money at highrose so it's in our best interest just tell you everything i know so let's get into it so let's just keep this nice and simple i'm just going to dive straight into my adwords account and what i want to do is i want to show you some of my best targetings my best scaling strategies and kind of give you some insights on the type of ads i run though if you go below on the blog there's literally a link to a post where i break down my exact ad script that i've been using for years there's no opt-in there's no anything i'm just giving it to you i've been using this across webinars it's generated well over about 30 million dollars in sales are closing in on that at this point before we also get the scaling strategies as well i just need to point this out too because i don't know how you can scale without this because i couldn't you can see right now i have the hi-ros chrome extension loaded up right now so i can just see my actual print tracking results this is what hirose essentially does it allows me to actually track things that weren't going to get tracked by google and if you just go through here and you look at the sales calls and actual revenue coming in um this is a sales call funnel right here so of course google's not going to be able to track any of the closes like iris can but the most important thing to me right here when it comes to scaling is this calls column right here because this is going to be very similar to you whatever funnel you're running because all that's going on here with this call funnel is this the person clicks an ad they opt in and then they book a call so this is going to be similar to if you're running an e-commerce funnel if you have a webinar funnel it's going to be pretty similar because there isn't that much time between the opt-in the call and you can see when i go and look at my ads right here the calls are all over the place in google because this is because of view throughs and because of how they load up their pixel and so you can see some ads right here um they reported eight calls when there's actually six but there's actually eight thousand dollars in sales so i still want to keep that up you can see another one right here where it reports zero calls there's actually four calls and it did four thousand dollars in literal profit so i don't want to turn this ad off this would be an ad that i would just shut off instantly okay if i did that you can't scale if you have an ad that's giving you a great cost per call or a great short term conversion and a great long-term conversion you can see this one right here again four calls reported three you can see this one right here it reported absolutely zero calls for the 253 dollars spent and it actually generated me a sale uh over thirty five hundred dollar sale so about three thousand dollars in profit and i actually turned this off because i didn't have this funnel tracked with hiros until uh early this month so you can just see even in my side business right here if you're not tracking your actual stats you're going to be turning off and turning on things that you shouldn't be you're going to be increasing waste and account by so much you're going to also be turning off the ads they're going to allow you to scale so again i'm not trying to push hiros on you but my first scaling technique is you have to use accurate data because even on a funnel this simple well there's not that much time between the click and the actual conversion it's still being missed all the time and then if you want to track really long term conversions and actual ltv which is again incredibly important for scale forget about it unless you're using it so get accurate data i don't care how you do it but you need to be using accurate data when you scale your ads so i want to talk about some of my most profitable ads of all time and the targeting behind them because i see a lot of people in google ads they really over complicate it so let's just look at the cost so i'm going to walk you through some of these ads because all these ones especially these top ones right here generate at least almost a million dollars in sales on their own let me show you the targetings you should be thinking about because what i see a lot of people trying to do is they try to over complicate this they create all these different layers they do all these different things and the real secret and beauty of google ads is you can go super broad and if you know to make your broad ads the right way which again you can see in the script below this video on that blog post you can go super broad and way broader than you can go on facebook and really just target mass traffic perfect example this is one of my best audiences of all time was simply just the words make money online super broad incredibly broad audience so why this is very different than facebook because you really kind of target down so if i was doing something on on facebook or i was talking to people that want to learn the ketogenic diet or something like that i would have to target people that want to do the ketogenic diet putting in just weight loss and facebook wouldn't work too well however if you just put weight loss into google if you form your ads the right way that can work exceptionally well other audiences that have worked super well from us again you can see that it's simple audiences and even when i'm running very specific types of offers for example hirose the ads for hirose it's a very specific offer it helps people track their marketing better tracks their ad attribution better again i will still target these same types of audiences because i will then also be feeding this data back to the google ai so it knows what to look for so you can really use the google ai especially with offline conversions that target a lot better again you could do that with pyros as well again don't don't let me pitch you anything right here however when i go look at this audience right here you can see this is a giant audience the advertising and marketing ons you can see the actual size of this audience is 1 billion to 5 billion impressions weekly so it's just absolutely huge again when you're feeding the google pixel your data back via offline conversions it can make these type of audiences work because it goes and looks at this broad audience looks at all your conversions coming in and then is able to find your customers just much cheaper so the second type of audience i really like to use on top of big giant keyword audiences is these specific audiences that are based around in-market audiences and so the way you really want to figure those out is if you actually go and upload all your conversions for example into google and i just want to go look at my buyers all right so i have a big list of buyers right here or heck just people that have registered i can see some audiences at the top that i might be able to target that are in in-market audiences and if you have good offline conversion data being passed in and use these audiences these have worked super well for us especially when it comes to scaling and so this has been incredible for us to scale with affinity audiences i'm not the biggest fan of i i usually don't see as good as results as i do in market audiences however you should maybe test these as well again i don't i don't think i'm gonna do too well targeting fighting wrestling fans however there's a few of them like maybe avid business news readers that i might want to go and target the final type of audiences i really love to use and it's almost exclusively these three types of audiences that i'm showing you in this video is going to be intent audiences and the way i make intent audiences again i'm just going to use keywords big simple keywords to make these intentions the way intent audiences work is i'm just going to go how an intent audience works if i go and look at this you can create custom audiences and you can put in keywords that your target market would be searching for so the way that keyword audiences work at least from my experience google never really explains this very well and i think a lot of the ways that they work is not secretive i just don't think anybody knows except that engineers and engineers aren't sharing exactly how it works so keyword audiences are going to target people searching for that exact keyword and pages that have those keywords on them on youtube for example if i go and do antenna on inches it's going to target people that have been searching for those keywords or have been searching for similar things so when a person types in how to make money online how to make more money earn money online they get added to this intent audience it shows what they have been searching for online this works exceptionally well for me and so using those three types of audiences i just showed you that's almost exclusively how i scaled a single information offer to over multiple eight figures in sales okay well over 20 million dollars in sales and i want to show you again that was kind of a more broad offer and so if i actually go and look at like the last let's say the last seven days okay and i go and look at some of my better performing ads you're going to see i'm doing almost the same exact thing big massive broad keywords now youtube advertising isn't the biggest or massiveness massivest broad keyword but you can see i'm only putting one keyword per group i'm doing the same exact stretch and the reason why you want to do this is because if you put in multiple keywords per group what's going to happen is what you're going to see right here you're going to see that one keyword is going to dominate the entire thing you can see almost all my ad spend is going to this keyword right here i know these keywords right here get more traffic and generate more traffic than just this keyword but it's going to go to the default one that has the most the most traffic what i also like to do with my keyword audiences this is just a little tip as i like to grab the titles from youtube videos that i want to target and then throw them in there so we'll also go and target similar youtube videos you can also see what i love to do is i love to target people that watch my channel so if i have videos on specific things i'll just target people who've watched those videos that's not necessarily a cold traffic strategy but it does work very very well another thing you can do that works really well in certain niches is you can do placements now here's the key to placements a lot of people can't ever get their placements to start so i'm going to give you just a little bonus tip right here when you're doing placements what you want to do is you want to of course go and grab all your placements online so what i'm going to do is i'm not going to use channels i use actual youtube videos so i'll go search for videos on youtube and then i'll throw them all in here you can also do this by going selecting this in here and then typing in just a keyword for the video so if i typed in facebook ads now the problem with this is it sometimes gives you videos that can't be monetized you definitely want to add as many as you possibly can what i like to also do is that this isn't that great for this is i like to go and actually find trending videos with these gears on because these won't always show up first when you search for them you want to find the videos that just got put online because then you'll be able to get a placement on them that other people aren't specifically targeting for example if i type in facebook ads right here pretty much everyone and their dog who has ever wanted to advertise to marketers is targeting these videos and put a placement on these videos so the way you get these to spend and the reason why they won't spend most of time is because you want to do cost per view marketing so what does that mean it means when we go to the settings of our ad you don't want to do automated bidding which is what i do on most of my ads that works just fine what you want to do is maximum cpv and you want to crank that up okay and so that means it's going to spend as much as it possibly can to get that view and that's because most people are trying to do the minimum cpv and they're trying to do other biddings where they control it and because of that because there's so many people bidding on those very limited placements it's very competitive and so you might as well just spend what youtube is going to require you to spend that works really well for me finally other audiences that work well are intent audiences so you can see this one right here paid traffic intent has a pretty good cost per call again you can see i'm not doing anything crazy i'm using the same exact type of strategies that i did before okay so you can see i'm just targeting the keyword paid traffic facebook ads google ads how to advertise advertise ads youtube ads and so that worked really well for me as and so these audiences i this is my side business not our main highros ads and so i'm not going to be giving away all my targeting and everything that i use for hire sites but you can see my strategies and how i think about things overall and this is what i've used to scale a straight up broad offer to multi-figures and sales this is also what i've used to scale a very targeted b2b offer which is hirose and then also a bdb offer which is our youtube ad consulting program iron which i kind of do as a side business and so what i'm going to do when it comes to scaling on youtube is first off i'm going to use the ad strategies and add templates that you can see below this video alright there's going to be a bunch of ad templates you can use you can check them out it's going to show you exactly how i write my ads i'm not going to talk about this video because there's literally a 20 minute video that walks you through all my best converting ads of all time okay so check that out below when you get done here but when i scale what i'm going to do to start off my ads and then scale my ads is i'm going to start with these intent audiences these end market audiences these single keyword audiences max cpv placements and that's really where i'm going to stop at if i have an offer that applies to people that watch my youtube channel which for example my youtube channel is mostly self-help and motivation this point so it doesn't really do very well with iron or high rose ads it doesn't do that well doesn't kill it if i open up a beginner make money online offer or a self-help offer it would kill it so make sure the people watching your channel are relevant to it's not just going to work because people know you so you can do retargeting with people that watch your youtube channel and that that can work really well as you can also do look-alike audiences which are called similar audiences on youtube and those will be automatically generated for you and you can go and reach those just by going if i go look at these ads right here i'm going to go to audiences and then you can go browse your audiences and they'll be automatically created whenever you make any type of list there is so if i go look at youtube users you can see that i can go and select people that are similar people that view my channel or similar people that have bought something in the past however these similar audiences are way more hidden miss than the lookalike audiences on facebook okay so you have to understand that about them as well they sometimes work they sometimes don't usually the broader your offer the better they work it doesn't necessarily work that amazingly well for a call offer i really like just intent keyword audiences and really passing that offline conversion data back uh to adwords using hiros that's absolutely key for call offers or really specific offers so that being said what i'm going to do when i start these off is i'm just going to put 30 a day on all of these you can use you can use less than that if you want i i don't because i can frankly test things i rather get testing done quickly instead of spending five dollars a day and waiting a week to see if something works or not so i'm gonna do is i'm gonna put 30 a day on all of these if it's a e-commerce offer or straight to sale offer i want to see the results right away if i spend 30 bucks my my product is 20 i want to see a few conversions at least on that 30 bucks or at least one or two conversions let me know i'm on the right track if it's a webinar what i'm going to do is i'm going to look at my cpl okay so i'm going to make sure that i have at least if i'm going broad with webinar which is the only time you should be using webinars on youtube you don't want to i'll talk about how to do b2b on youtube here in a second but i want to see about a four uh the seven dollar cpl of a person opting in the webinar that's when i know i'm going to do pretty good right there and of course cpl doesn't really matter you want to look at the actual sales and the reason why you want to do that is again here's a perfect example cpl isn't really that relevant of a stat sales are a relevant stat you can see most of the time google's not going to catch your sales on a webinar for example here's a webinar one of the ones i scaled to eight figures you can see most of the time the revenue that was tracked by us and the revenue it was reported by google is way off right it missed a 2 000 sale here miss a sale here missed a sale here missed a sell here out of 22 high ticket sales google was only able to catch i believe in this example about 11 of them so if i'm scaling based on that data and only looking at cpu i'm gonna do all sorts of crazy stuff like scaling ads that have great cpl but no sales and i would be killing ads that have a bad cpl or a bad cost per lead and have great sales so data especially with webinars and call funnels holy moly now if i'm going to be doing a call funnel what i'm going to look at is again i'm going to look at the cpl and then because it's a little bit easier to get calls and it is a webinar sale you don't have to be as long-term focused i'm going to look at that cost per call as well okay but usually for b2b offers i want to see a 150 or at least for my offers 150 to 300 cost per call and if i see that on that i know it kind of works but again i want to look at the overall conversions of the ad and make sure it's making me long term because i can i can tell you all sorts of times i've seen people bidding getting a great cost per call spending tens of thousands of dollars on calls look great cost per call wise and then no sales are generated so it's like hey all your calls are actually coming from another ad with the more expensive cost per call so i'm going to put 30 on all these and when i see good cpls on webinars and call funnels i'm going to start cranking up maybe the 50 to 80 a day when i start seeing a good cost per call i'm going to crank it up a little bit more and then when i start seeing sales and an roi i'm that's when i'm really going to start cranking it up now the way i'm going to go and increase my ad spend is i'm going to go from if it's sub 250 a day i'm just going to increase 100 so 30 to 60 60 to 120 120 to 240 okay because you're not gonna you're not going to max out or burn out your ads too quickly doing that you're not going to hit the peak on many ad sets now past 240 a day that's when you start to hit the peak on audiences on adwords at least some of the time so i'm going to increase by 50 at that point so i'm going to go 240 to 360. okay and if cpl and cost per call hold i'm going to go 360 to around 500 so i'm going to increase by 40 50 percent every single day then what i'm going to do once i get past 500 days i'm going to increase by 25 every day now i'm not going to use hard math right here because i'm not going to do it but if i was going right here i go from maybe 500 to 650 a day 650 to maybe 800 a day 800 to a thousand dollars a day and i'm just going i'm going to usually increase by 25 until the cpl goes crazy that's usually your best indicator on webinars and call funnels if you're maxing out the audience if the cpl goes crazy you either need to lower it back down or you need to improve your ads and your opt-in rates okay cpl is not the end-all it doesn't it's not the only thing that matters but if your cpl goes from five dollars to 15 you're going to see your cost per call go up you're going to see your conversions go down just by default that literally you're paying three times more per lead okay and so the thing you also need to realize is let's imagine we're at 500 a day and then we go to a thousand dollars a day and we see a five dollar to 15 increase i see people do this all the time they brag about their ad spend but they're not actually tracking their their sales or whatnot that's the first thing i see people they're not tracking their long-term sales a perfect example is this when i was scaled up to about twenty five thousand dollars a day i could have actually reduced by about ten thousand dollars a day and kept the same roi and that was because i wasn't tracking my actual sales so just keep that in mind but next if you go 500 to 1000 a day and your cpl triples you're actually getting less people in here than you are here so you got to keep that in mind as well and so that's what to look for so those are the audiences i use that's the scaling strategies and how i bid and if you want to look at the ad templates they're right below that also being said look if you want to track your sales and get all that accurate sales data that i talked about go below book a call with us check out hyrule so do a full demo for you it's not gonna be a pushy sales pitch and we'll show you exactly how to track your specific business model we are very familiar with e-commerce webinars sales call funnels and we'll show you exactly how we can make you a lot more money from your ads usually when people come on they're able to increase their ads by at least 20 to 30 percent you're going to see way more results and all the huge clients we've tracked on hiros because that's the baseline result that people get again we also have a 90 day refund guarantee so if you don't see the results i've talked about in this video you don't pay you should go do that if you're going to run google ads because google ad tracking it's not great and then you can also pass highros data back to google ads to make its ai way better at finding new customers just keep on top that if you want to see more about my youtube ad strategies you want to get coaching on it you want to get the same heck you just want to copy and paste my funnels and see everything i'm doing go book a iron consultation call below you can hop on with me we'll go through my ads we'll go through your business and i'll tell you the exact type of targeting you should be using the exact type of funnel you should be using the type of offers you should be running as well again on these videos i'm not particularly holding anything back but there's no way i can make a cookie cutter video that works for every single business online you need something specific if you actually want to go and crush it at youtube ads so go book an iron consultation below and we'll do that and if you're good fit you can even come into our program and we have more six seven and eight figure results than any youtube ad program so it's a good place to be that being said also go and join the facebook forum for hiros below we have over 40 million a month in ad spend in our community in there so it's a great place to be if you're a media buyer because we have pretty specific qualifications to join you have to be spending significant ad spend if you're not it's not really the group for you it's not for beginners it's for experienced media buyers only so across almost 2000 members we have 40 million dollars in ad spend so that's how we keep that ratio pretty high that being said be sure to watch your email because we're constantly sending out new trainings to our high roast community and be sure to subscribe to this youtube channel so you get updated whenever i post new videos because all i do is post awesome training for high risk members here because i want you guys to scale your ads so you get some more hiros so that being said this has been becker i will catch you in the next video there's a few videos you can actually check out right after this right [Music] now [Applause] foreign

================================================================================
TITLE: I Spend $25k On The Keyword Money
VIDEO ID: qXA2psT6bWw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXA2psT6bWw
================================================================================

[Music] okay guys you read that title right and I'm not just gonna drop $25,000 on the keyword money on my ads no no no no no no that's that's baby stuff I just wanted to set the bar a little low for you simpletons but now that I've got you where I want you we're gonna be spending about $500,000 on the keyword money in this video look jokes aside last year we were able to break eight figures and sales mostly from running YouTube ads and one of the craziest audiences that got the best results which is bidding on crazy simple little keywords like the keyword money but that's it just that's it that's the entire ad audience I'm not kidding just the keyword money I'm also gonna show you other audiences which delivered huge results that kind of break this rule that use like two key words make money it doesn't get any simpler than this and I'll even show you the ads that I ran they're comically easy you see people saying I'll show you to make money on your iPhone no screw that all you need is a PowerPoint presentation for this I'm not joking and let's back up okay this does take some ad experience I have a lot of experience running ads but if you're beginner this is gonna kind of show you what running ads at a high scale looks like and if you're a veteran this is gonna help you stop the super over complication that's in the industry right now I go into all these ad groups or these Facebook groups and their strategy is being shared or ridiculous it's like all right first thing you got to do is do a handstand and make sure it's raining outside and you got to do six prayers to Mark Zuckerberg and then you're gonna layer 15 audiences and make sure that it only displays on this net what the what the are you doing just just do this let me show you so here's what to do first things first go and smash that like button look if you appreciate these type of videos it would super help me out if you hit the like button because it helps with algorithm and that's how I'm gonna say just take a second click it all right let's get back to it okay guys so we're inside my AdWords account right now and I want to show you this because it's hilarious and I want to show you to do it because if you understand how it works it's just way easier to run ads so you can see I've set it to January 2019 to today right here I'm gonna go back through our ad campaigns now you can see right here we spent about three million bucks on this one account right here and the conversion value reported back is about six million dollars usually if you've seen any of my wonderful tracking ads that I'm running right now for high rose you're gonna know that AdWords usual only catches about forty to fifty percent of sales for this type of funnel so it's a little bit higher than that I'm actually significantly higher than that but we can just work with this a3x ROI ish to X ROI that that's still just Danny so low scale high-skill whatever you want to accept we can go from there now what I want to show you are these three audiences right here pure money make money and MMO intent these are the most simplest targeting's you could ever imagine and you can see right here about a hundred seventy-six thousand spent hundred twenty one thousand spent and sixty thousand spent right here this is the most beginner level anyone can do this targeting effort now I'm not suggesting in any way if you're complete beginner you're gonna replicate this or get these results this is not a way to make money in your basement I'm very good at running ads I'm very good at running ads I'm just showing you this for gee-whiz information for beginner I have no courses sell you so don't so don't come in here and think I'm gonna sell you some magic way to make money through YouTube ads you won't make money you won't be able to do this but you will learn and see what it looks like in a larger scale if you're a veteran maybe you should just take away that it can be much simpler than just probably doing right now so that being said if we go look at these audiences right here I want to show you first off just the audience okay so this audience that I'm running right here is a very very simple keyword audience you can see I just put in the keyword make money online okay and I think this one right here where's conversion value on this one see this one right here actually did really well as well it did 5,000 and cost at $10,000 back usually should increase it by about thirty percent right here so probably did about fifteen thousand dollars back and so the first thing I want to show you in this video is just how simple the targeting be I just targeted this keyword and did substantial amount of money from this and I target many other keywords just like this and this is one of the big components of how we did millions and millions of dollars worth of sales now I don't run these ads anymore cuz I really I don't want to be in the make money online niche I don't want to be tylo PEZ I want to build a software company and build type of businesses so I actually left this business and turned it over to my partners but just a really good example of how simple you're targeting and be regardless of what business you're getting into so this right here just targeting big huge broad keywords works exceptionally well with your ads and I want to show you the funniest thing about this one of the best performing ads so one of the ads it did best over time and it's going to show 0 over here because I destroyed the conversions to use offline conversions as I plug in the Jairo so that data got lost right there which is fine because I'm not running these ads anymore but one of the best performing ads right here was you've probably seen that this wolf mug ad and is literally just me filming me playing with a wolf mug just that it's just a video of me moving around a wolf mug talking about the wolf mug and how people can build Shopify businesses and whatnot and the one I wanted to really show you guys to just show you how simple it can be to advertise is this ad right here I'm only going to show you just the beginning of it but if we go look this I'm sure you might have seen this ad if you give me 39 seconds I'm gonna show you how this guy right here whoever generated where someone says if you give me this amount of seconds so you can see here this ad has about 5 million views on it and this is just literally a PowerPoint presentation of me cracking jokes about Arby's melts so this is why it blows my mind when I go in ad groups I see people doing these really professional videos and talking about these complicated targeting strategies the real key to running ads in my opinion is the message and knowing what the customer wants and then and then making a funnel on an ad that is so damn efficient that you can use it on big giant keywords for example another audiences that's super super well for us another ad group and just imagine those two ads those two ads generated millions of dollars in sales by themselves ok so you could go out there and legitimately if you want to go and maybe make a six-figure business or grow your business a little bit you really don't have to make any more ads or get more complicated than this now the next thing I want to show you that works really well is intent audiences because what you can do right here on AdWords is you can create these intent audiences does this allow you to go and target very basic keywords and in going target people that have been looking for these keywords recently this works really really well for me at high roast right now so you can see right here I just put an earn money online how to make money online and how to make money and the way I got those keywords is just by simply going over here to the keyword planner and one of the easiest ways you can go and create intent audiences just by going in here and I'm just gonna type in the keyword you know how to make money throw that in and you can see a list of keywords you can use to make intent audiences so one of the best ways I got results with our campaigns was just using really super basic intent audience you can see one of our also best performing keywords again was just me going and putting in Shopify and dropshipping as an intent audience you can see right here hundred thousand in probably about four hundred thousand dollars out when you account for AdWords missive attribution and the other thing I wanted to show you is if you look at our basic audiences right here all these are one word audiences so online jobs intent I just put an online jobs because obviously people that want to work an online job they probably want to go and start a business online or something like that so that right there you can see we put about 83,000 and probably did 150,000 to 200,000 back accounting for the attribution and so you're gonna notice that all my audiences that did best if we look at the cost of all the conversions this is a mountain it cost me to actually get a lead into my business they're all the most basic audiences that I'm targeting in Adwords and so if you're starting a business are you starting to advertise what I want to show you in this video is simply this the key to going in advertising online the key to going and building your business online or getting more customers isn't in complication it isn't and going and making some insane ad targeting that no one else can replicate and no one else knows about what I just showed you there anybody can do if you have access to a PowerPoint in a cell phone and the ability to type in whatever your business is the keyword is for example at high risk one of my main keywords is tracking because we sell tracking software see how that worked and that's because the secret to your ads is not your ads I'll repeat the secret to making a lot of money with ads is not ads if you go on any Facebook group you go on any marketing discussion it is people racking their brain and getting super complicated and when you look at people who are Facebook ad gurus or YouTube ad gurus what they do is they complicate and they complicate and they complicate it's ridiculous anybody can go out there and do what I just did a chimpanzee could go out there and do what I just did the thing that people can't replicate is going to be the message of the ads the funnel itself and the amount of time and effort goes into optimizing the funnel and the angle of the offer now h com only had these two strings what I just showed you now I'm no longer a part of that business cuz I really don't like to make money online niche I don't like selling I don't want to sell courses to beginners I just don't want to do that anymore I like working on my software company seriously only work with existing successful businesses now so if you're beginner don't buy any courses I will give you literally everything you need to know for free all the ads everything you need to know to get started it's all it's all my youtube channel there's links below to all sorts of trains they're all over my youtube should check them out don't buy a course just you don't need it that being said that funnel right there there's so many people if you go the YouTube right now and you type in shop fight hundreds of people trying to sell you a Shopify course everyone their dog wants you to start a Shopify store why was our funnel why were our ads able to be so successful and so many people struggle it's because of the hyper optimization and the funnel it's because of the hyper optimization of the marketing message because the hyper optimization of the copywriting and so what you need to take away from this video is if you want to start a business right now the angle part is actually the most important part at high roast right now our ads generate far more profit than those ads ever did far more profit ROI wise they're not scaled up to that level yet but the reason they are able to do that is because the offer is angled so much better it's such a more desired product and it's an offer that people can't really replicate it's gonna cost you a lot of money and almost a year and a half a development to make something like that and so that allows us to have a blue ocean all to ourselves and so you should pursue that first but then the second key is going to be the hyper optimization of your funnel and the copywriting and then of course the product after if you don't have a good product and people don't get results with your product they're not gonna buy your other products they're gonna refund it's gonna be a disaster so you need to make sure your Prok is top of the market as well and if you can do those things that's where your success with ads will come from so when you're scrolling around watching videos about training and advertising don't buy in to the complication the complication should not be in the ads it should be on the other side and that's it guys if you like videos like this be sure to go hit the like button and leave a comment because your feedback heavily influences how I make these videos for example my last ad video got a lot of positive comments so I'm making another ad video for you guys and if you want to see more videos like this go comment and it also helps with the algorithm as well so help me out a little bit on top of that be sure to go and subscribe hit the notification bell because I live stream every single weekend and I go into my ad accounts I see all sorts of cool marketing tactics you won't get that notification if you're not liked and subscribed and then finally there's gonna be a few videos after this video that will show you exactly how I run YouTube ads and exactly how I structure my work in life and all sorts of other stuff you might want to know about and there's tons of tons of other training that breaks down exactly all the stuff I mentioned earlier in the video that talk about how to make a really good product the exact angles you should be using in 2020 and all that good stuff so go check out that good stuff and I'll see in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: 3 Tiny Optimizations That Turbo Charged Sales
VIDEO ID: LacyMERAHCc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LacyMERAHCc
================================================================================

hey this is Alex Becker CEO of hire us again if you're not gonna know what I do in these videos is I'm epically bribing you to do business with high risk by just telling you everything that I've learned about running ads and scaling businesses look being the CEO of a tracking company gives me a lot of advantages to know what's working and advertising right now and more importantly I've grown multiple businesses to seven and even eight figures using paid traffic so what I'm going to do is I'm just gonna tell you the most essential things that I know one of these things is these three micro optimizations I'm gonna tell you in this video these little no effort things allowed me to drop the cost per acquisition on my customers by thirty percent without changing a single ad without changing a single landing page without changing any my targeting that product everything stayed the same I think you get it I didn't have to do anything except apply these three things right here and if you applies to your business i would reasonably say you're gonna see a 10% to even 20 maybe even 30 percent drop in how much it cost you to acquire a customer these are that damn powerful and before we get into it if you want to actually track these differences and make sure you're able to spot bads that are actually making money and turn off the ads that are actually losing you money you should go below hit the purple button it'll schedule call to us and we'll show you exactly how to track your ads the right way because well I mean if you're not tracking your ads the right way there is a thirty to forty percent loss in attribution that we see with every single client it comes in the hi rose which causes you to kill your winning edge and caused you to invest money and bad ads that's some bad juju you don't want to run a business like that it's expensive that being said if you actually want help growing your business without you want to see how I grew a single funnel past eight figures on AdWords click the green button below it's gonna take you to a train it shows you two exact ads the exact funnel the exact copy or any scripts even the target I use to grow one of my businesses past eight figures and even blueprints at all for you that being said let's hop into these three micro optimizations so I can show you use them because these things takes ten seconds to apply and it's probably gonna make you an extra ten percent of your business this year let me show you okay guys so we're gonna be looking at two of my best converting landing pages and I'm just gonna give you a bonus tip as it starts off these landing pages you're looking at when it comes to opt-ins it depends if you're doing sales pages it's probably going to look a little bit different these two pages right here these two designs are the best opt-in designs that I've ever used ever across all my years I've tried every single type of opt-in every type of design possible and so the first thing I want to tell you as we get going into this is that ugly always converts best it very very rarely gets out converted by something that's pretty I encourage you to go test this I encourage you to go just try something different they won't work as well 90% of the time if I had 10 bucks I bet on the clean page every single time and the reason for this is that when you send people to a landing page what you need to remember is that they are just browsing there is absolutely no reason for them to stick around there is absolutely no reason for them to check out their business their interest level is at an all-time low in fact they probably are regretting clicking already and it's an extremely important that you catch them with your headline and speak as clearly as possible if you are using a super pretty super fancy looking landing page it'd be like a person walks into your store and there's like fireworks going off there's like all sorts of stuff going on there's there's teddy bears from build-a-bear running around the store like throwing rocks at them it's it's completely overwhelming and then you're in the back of the store saying hey we sell pants and they're not gonna if they're looking for pants they might not hear that and they're gonna get overwhelmed there and be like this is this is odd and they're just gonna go somewhere else that's a little bit of an overstatement but I won't use hyperbole to express that to you because it's like people are walking around the mall and they walk in and you need to have exactly what they're looking for right there if you want to have the maximum conversion rates in fact if they're looking for pants and they walk in your store you just want have a completely empty store with a pair of pants right there that they like so that's the first thing I'm going to tell you now the next thing I'm going to tell you is also a tip that increased my sales by it made or break my funnel so I'm just gonna tell you this right here and it's kind of hard to explain but as you notice whenever we get a person to opt in for anything or we get a person to go through any of our sales pages to start to checkout process the thing that most people forget is their email delivery but let me explain this to you if you're running a webinar you're running an opt-in funnel you're even running a funnel where you collect people's emails after they check out the number one way to increase your business without doing anything special is to get your email off of autoresponders and get it on a dedicated IP in warm and up the right way now what is what does this mean well first off I would just start investigating being on your own dedicated IP address and you want to use a fresh domain name you want to use a fresh domain that you're linking to and you want to start using new content on a dedicated and you want to limit it to only your funnel emails okay to funnel emails that fire from maybe your webinar funnel your opt-in funnel or your banding cart or follow-up funnels why do you want to do this because when you do this these have extremely high open rates and what it does is when you have your own IP address what happens is Google Yahoo Hotmail they all see this IP address coming in they also see your domain name that's being sent from and when you have super high open rates what happens is it goes these guys are good these guys are good what happens when you're on an autoresponder is you're sharing IP addresses with people that are not mailing the right way and what I mean by mailing the right way is if you're sending up big blasts you're mailing your entire list all at once you're not mailing the right way you're not that's what everybody does no one really mails the right way this is why my funnels I have 50 60 percent open rates I have open rates close to messenger and most people can't break 10 percent it's because they're not mailing it right away but the thing is you need to understand is that these these email emails completely control how well your funnel works for example if you have a webinar funnel and your attendance email your join now emails getting a 15 percent open rate your attendance rates are gonna be miserable and your attendance rates control how well your webinar does if you have an opt-in funnel how well that funnel does maybe it's a four day launch funnel maybe it's just an opt-in where they get sold stuff over time how well does is determined by the open rates getting a 15% increase in open rates means a 15% increase in your business same thing with abandoned cards same thing with everything else and so what you need to do is you need to focus on having a dedicated IP and a new domain that you use not the domain you've been blasting from if you've been doing it as your mailing standard and you need to reserve this only for your funnels not your not your mass males to your list because getting if you have a webinar and you have a 15% delivery rate on that first email it goes out but you increase it to 45% 60% your webinar is going almost triple and sales it's going to be huge for you this is one of the easiest micro optimizations you can make and this is something that I do with all my businesses and the funnels if you can see what most of my businesses for example I have a sales call funnel right here that we sell high rose through and it lives and dies by that second email because a lot of people don't finish the first video right here they'll opt then they'll go through and what they'll do is they'll go through my phone right here and they won't watch into this video and they won't have time to fill out the form so what then happens is they don't go through but I have a bunch of follow-up emails and other training that I win them back with that's where almost 50% of my calls come from but the business wouldn't work as well so if I didn't do this stuff I didn't do this stuff now the second tip I'm going to give you is experiment with shorter content this webinar right here does a four xry for me cash before reoccurring payments and anything even comes in it's a great freeze-frame of me as well I'm gonna give you just I'm gonna give you more than three tips right here I'm gonna tell you a really ninja one right here most people on their call funnels have a 45 minute presentation on most people's webinars they have almost like a three hour presentation I've done both of those a minim work but what I found is reducing a webinar almost to 45 minutes if we're just selling on the webinar or reducing a call sales video the 20 minutes has worked like crazy for me also having a link to call right on the page with testimonials has worked really well for me b2b it doesn't work b2c okay but this has worked really well for me now I'm gonna give you another tip that absolutely crushes it when you start running ads get your pages on HTML after split testing and find the perfect page design the perfect headline get this on HTML now I love clickfunnels it's great I you start all my funnels on click phones but soon as I have the the page optimized by text and what's on it I get this stuff off of click phones I put in the HTML and you want to just have a plain HTML page because it loads so much faster and that's going to drop that's going to increase your mobile opt-in conversion rates your mobile sales rates significantly it increased mine it dropped my CPL I was paying about $7 Elite it dropped into about five dollars of lead for me now the final tip I'm gonna give you with your opt-ins you can see this is all just simple stuff we're not having to change any bare-bones of the funnel not have to change anything the other tip I can give you is design your opt-ins for mobile and so what I'm doing right here is whenever I have opt-ins you need to go and look at your opt-ins and look at how they're used on a mobile phone this right here works very well in a mobile phone this opt-in right here works the same if I'm on mobile if I want anything else and it's very sleek and it just goes through like this so the user doesn't have to go and select you a bunch of menus and all sorts of other things like that if you look at for example the standard ever webinar opt-in it's an absolute disaster yet everybody's using it it makes no sense when you have people opting in you only want to have one format at one time and you want to keep the form as simple as possible I only like to I like my forms like this or just clean BAM name email and you want to be as plain-jane as possible don't have anything extra don't have any images or anything else like that on the page that right there also significantly dropped my CPM this form right here on my webinars super drop my CPL I actually copy this from Sam Evans page so I'll cite my sources let's write your super drop my CPL okay I mean you can see how smooth that is compared to other options out there we have something janky popping around or something like that on mobile phones they find every reason in the glitch so you want to have your forms be as simple as possible and one other final bonus tip I'll give you to increase your opt-in rates throw in a type of training or checklist find something that people are really interested in turn it into a template or checklist and throw that in there on top of whatever you're offering in your sales call funnel your opt-in funnels or your webinar funnels these simple things right here will easily drop your CPL but I would say 20 to 30 it did so for me it actually did significantly more once we started getting the email and everything inside and so this is just what I would suggest so guys this is the training day I just want to show you these things because just applying these will really make a huge difference in your business now the wrapt is up but one of the biggest optimization hacks that you can also use is tracking correctly bidding on the right places and spending zero money on the wrong places one of the easiest ways to make more money from your ads that there is if you want help doing that click the purple link below and we'll take you to a train it shows you exactly to do that if you actually want help setting up these optimizations in your business you want to see how I use these optimizations that I've used to actually skill businesses from seven figures to even eight figures click the green button will show you exactly how I buy ads and how I apply these optimizations and step-by-step exactly the targeting the copywriting everything behind how I scaled one of my businesses past eight figures using these exact landing pages and then finally if you want to network with other entrepreneurs that are spending significant amounts enhancement you win our Facebook group below as I filmed this video there is close to ten million dollars a month and ad spend just in that group and it doesn't have any beginners it's not beginner focused it's not for people that are lost who are trying to lead to lost like a lot of other groups that is just pure ad spinners we qualify every single person who comes in so if you spend ad spend head over there so that being said I'm gonna be sending you another training here in a few days that's gonna show you some of my hyper ROI YouTube tact it's gonna show you some of the most low lying fruit on YouTube ads right now it's gonna show you how to pick those up you can easily generate a 3 X 5 X ROI off of a hundred 200 bucks a day using this and build a very full-time business or scale your business or add another revenue stream to your business just by using these hyper ROI tactics they're super easy to use nobody really spots these things and what we're doing is we find really low hanging fruit on YouTube and we just place ads on these or nobody else is placing them and they're so targeted that just it just works like gangbusters so I'm going to show you those hyper optimizations in our next training video it's Ben Becker CEO of hi Russ I'll see you then

================================================================================
TITLE: 3 Signs Your Shopify Store Is Bleeding Out Sales
VIDEO ID: Jd3JhNNCkU4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd3JhNNCkU4
================================================================================

if you're a Shopify store owner I have three simple questions for you and the bad news is if any of the answers to these questions are no you are probably making 3050 percent or even a hundred percent less than your store should be making keyword should this isn't like going out there doing something spectacular increase sales this is like literally having a bucket with a bunch of holes in it and expecting it to hold water if your answer is no to these questions you have a big old bucket with a bunch of holes in it and you are literally letting all the water drip out of it you were letting all the sales that you should be getting drip out when you shouldn't be so let me ask you these very simple questions and make it painfully obvious why if you do not fix these things you are literally factually choosing to make thirty fifty percent or even up to a hundred percent less then you should be from your stores let me ask you these so question number one how much money are you making after the sale this is by far the most important question in your business and if you understand the long-term value of your customers and the leads that come into your business you can 2x or 3x your business literally just by applying this let me explain so look at this shirt right here that we're selling from our store it cost 10 dollars and 20 cents in order for me to make any reasonable amount of profit I need to get a sale on ads from this only spending about $5 that completely destroys my ability to scale because I have to be very careful with my ad spend I have to go get this sale at five bucks but don't you think it'd be easier for me to scale my ads if I could spend ten dollars per sale twenty dollars per sale I'd completely run my competition in the ground and the truth is I can I can actually double my money while spending $20 to get this $10 sale because I have stats that show me exactly how much my customers are worth in the long term check this out so if I pull in the stats that I gathered by plugging in my Shopify store into market hero I am able to go and calculate the long-term value of each customer over three months now check out the data that market hero gives me on average in the first week here's the first sale you can see me making 10 dollars and 20 cents but on week two on average people come back and spend another fifteen dollars by week four on average people have spent twenty dollars with me by week six after entering my business and getting emails from market hero they on average spend $32 with me and then finally after that forty three dollars how much is a person that buys this t shirt via add really worth for me it's not ten dollars and 20 cents and that's what most ecommerce people do they send a person straight to their store and their profit comes strictly from the first sale and then thats it they'll make a second sale but it's all about that first sale I don't care about the first sale at all because I know because of the data that is inside of market hero from my email marketing to people that have bought from the store they're gonna come back and spend 30 more dollars with me on average what does this mean I can spend literally 20 dollars per sale and like clockwork make an extra $20 and double my money and I can go in outbid any of my competitors for my ad and scale my business to the moon this is actually how I built my first three multi-million dollar companies using this exact LTV tactic and here's the cool part if you come inside of market hero right now you can literally have your store connected in minutes your customers are automatically imported your data is completely analyzed and you were literally seconds away from seeing the long-term value your customers getting data that can completely change your entire business and help you make much better profitable decisions from your marketing and heck even analyze how your email marketing is affecting and growing your business around your ad and again if you just click that free trial link in this ad you can set this up plug in your store for free right now and get this data without paying a dime number two are you upselling and down selling your customers based on the behavior now I'm not just talking about an abandoned cart email market hero does that day one that's easy thing that should be something that's automatic if your system doesn't currently do that holy moly what are you doing I'm talking about going and strategically marketing people based on their behavior with your emails so for example if a person comes to my store right now and buys this t-shirt I want to get them to buy a hoodie I want to get them to buy a cap I want to get them to come in buy a phone case and I need to be able to market to them based on what they bought and haven't bought so what I can do it here is I can come into market hero and my tags are already set when a person buys this whenever someone buys this they automatically get this tag applied to them and a value to their customer value inside of market hero so I'm able to see exactly how much this person is worth to me for example I can go into my leads here and go okay cool this person has bought this product for me and is worth this much money to me and that's that where we get all the data and averages that you saw on that LTV calculation by the way this is all automatically done for you you're gonna be able to see exactly how much your customers are worth to you and then calculate all sorts of data based around how much that value is worth and that's automatically done for you but back to the topic at hand when someone comes in they're gonna get tagged with this tag telling me they completed this purchase all right so here's where it starts to get really nasty so after someone buys this gauntlet t-shirt from our store what's gonna happen is instead gonna trigger a funnel inside of market hero whenever that tag is applied so the second this tag is applied gauntlet which is what I have to fire whenever someone buys that shirt I want to try and get them to come in and buy one of these shirts okay it has a different design on it they just bought a t-shirt from us maybe they'll buy another one with a different design on so what I'm gonna have happen is I'm gonna have it wait maybe a day okay because I don't to start spamming the person's email right away and what's gonna do is it's gonna send them an email offering them a really special deal on this shirt right here to incentivize them purchasing it so I'm gonna go in here I'm just gonna write out a new email now you'll probably fill this out with whatever you want we can create just about any type of email you want for example I recreated the entire Maverick email again this is just a recreation we're not sending this out or anything like that or representing the Maverick Brent at all we're sure that we can create even the best selling brands emails and recreate them using market hero for now I'm just gonna put in filler content because I'm sure you can imagine what you'd be sending to somebody so once that happens we're gonna send them an email trying to get them to buy this shirt now two things are gonna happen they're gonna buy well they're not gonna buy so we're gonna have it wait two days because that's about the time it'll take for them to either make the decision to buy the shirt or seed the email and then what's gonna happen is after those two days we're gonna go and sort them by whether they bought or not so if the person did buy the tag really what we want to do is we want to go and get them to buy a hoodie like if they just bought this and they just bought that they must really love our products it's gonna buy something else this is the number one way to increase tell TV the number one way to increase the amount of sales that we're getting per customer the amount of money we're making per customer so what we want to have happen is if they do buy and they have a purchase tag that fires when they purchase this shirt which would be defect what's gonna happen is we'll sort them by their tag and we'll have the market hero system recognize when they have the tag defect and say okay cool this person bought this shirt let's go up here and send them to this get them to buy another shirt so what's gonna happen right here we're gonna go and send them another email so just boom filler content easy enough right there okay so just imagine email worth something that and so then what's gonna happen it's gonna sell them this next shirt right here now if they don't buy though well one we just send them back maybe they missed the email maybe they didn't buy let's just give them another chance well give them even better discount on that one shirt and send them right back to buy this notice can go on and on on let's imagine after this we're gonna go and have it way too in sort by tagging let's imagine they buying that second email then boom what we're gonna have happen one more time and I'm not gonna go into philosophic because I think you get the gist of it is if they do buy that boom we just set him straight to southern when we can create a never-ending funnel that sorts them and shows them based on what they're buying and just doing this alone is an easy way to increase your sales by 30 50 100 percent why because the person that comes through and just bought something is probably pretty likely to buy something else and if they buy something again they're super likely to buy something else keep doubling down and keep increasing the value per customer and then again what market hero is going to allow you to do is come over here to your finance section and you're gonna be able to go and say wow that funnel I just put in has increased the value I'm making per customer by twenty fifty one hundred percent and again you are literally seconds from having this data and having the ability to add this up sell down sell all this crazy functionality to your store just do that free trial below and on top of that free trial we're gonna throw in a full email marketing course for Shopify this is a full fledged course that's gonna show you that we've actually charged 997 four in the past that will teach you everything you need to know about email marketing especially email marketing for Shopify exactly how to go do these upsells these down sells how to get your customers converting what to put in your emails how to write your emails how to actually get free traffic for other places how to actually run email marketing for your Shopify store from paid traffic how to actually sell your products for your webinars just like I am doing at Specter right now which is my supplement company that actually did closes six figures in its first week of opening because I sell via webinars and then follow up with email marketing which is absolutely lethal now just that also being said market here does everything else your system does it sends emails it allows you to send broadcasts out to your customers go and track the data and see exactly how your customers are opening these email create individual procs and their prices go and sort all your leads integrates with that every single big platform you to operate within your Shopify store and allows you to go out there and just make beautiful emails based on what your customers have bought and their actions you can sort and segment your store just like you can inside your Shopify store and so if a person's about one product but not another product guess what you can do you can go and just send them specific prod Emile's based on that and then send out these emails to them easy peasy lemon squeezy I've just been wanting to get that that bling go into the sad so far but let's get to the final question and this one's very simple talking to your customers doesn't just come down to email marketing what about facebook messenger are you sending facebook messenger messages to people when they abandon your cart if not you're missing a huge amount of money more importantly that you know you can automate your facebook Messenger messages that interact it's just like thats funnel I just showed you let me show you so when a person comes right here and hits Add to Cart they're gonna come in and what's gonna happen is if they abandon this cart when the car is abandoned bill and market hero sends a message to your customer saying hey did you leave this behind you might want to come back and check this out and because Facebook minister has crazy high open rates this is a way better way to get your customers coming back to your store this is a way better way to increase your sales by 30% just by capturing the people that were already attending to check out in the first place but then like before we want to go and then automate this just like we did our email so what I'm gonna do is are my you look like new Facebook stream and I'm gonna have happen I'm Simon guard here to Aleksandr Becker and whenever a person comes in and starts these processes we're gonna sort by tag and we can send the same type of facebook messenger automation that we talked about you can then message your customers links to videos or product demos which aren't necessarily salesy that Facebook will lie to send and guess what this can go out there and double your business because I guarantee you right now you probably have a bunch of people that would be in your facebook Messenger account and it's a real shame because if you just had this automation set up automatically you would be collecting a person's facebook Messenger every single time they come and start checkout on your store and then I could go out there and easily and start sending messages these people and sending them access to your live streams your webinars whatever you're doing and immediately start monetizing that second list of people that you're just not even gathering that is just huge money left on the table they could go out there increase your store by 30 to 50 percent and those are my questions for you are you doing these three things probably not cuz market here is literally the only system on earth that does all three of these things and it's really the only system on earth that does any of those things when it comes to Shopify marketing and so that ladies you have one bigger question why not go below and try this system for free why not go below and connect your Shopify store in literal seconds it takes a few buttons to click and you just go through and click one two three four and insulin all your sales and customers are imported in the market here oh your data is calculated giving you your total sales data giving you your exact sales data all the metrics behind your store you need to run your store better run your clients stores better it is absolutely insane if you were using any other system and when you read the top of the sad I mean it if you are not using market hero right now you are literally lighting money on fire you are literally choosing to make less money from your shop buy stores because simply going out there and knowing your LTV doing the upsell and down sell automations that we covered and adding facebook Messenger to your store not only something that only market hero can do for Shopify stores but is also a way to almost instantly increase your stores revenue by thirty fifty even a hundred percent if you're just gonna play these things how is your store going to change if you can suddenly start running your marketing much more accurately and increasing the revenue you're making per customer what if your customers came back and spent two times three times what they're spending now at your store what if your customers went through funnels where they're automatically up sold and down sold stuff that they're already interested in thus making them spend more what if your customers simply start getting facebook Messenger notifications letting them know they abandon the cart and sending them to news updates from your site that will go in and again give you an entire new list of people and a new way to reach your customers to get them come back to your store what would that do for your business tons so I'm begging you right now go below simply go up and sign for a free trial of market hero it's a hundred percent free you're gonna have access to all this data the second you come in plus access the five thousand leads you have plenty of room to grow and test this out on top that we're gonna be access to the full 8x hero Academy which normally teaches you the exact email marketing I've used to build three multi-million dollar businesses and I'm using in my e-commerce brand right now to scale it to seven figures it's also gonna show you exactly how to do email marketing for your Shopify store advanced copywriting for your store how to build the funnels how to build opt-ins how to go out there and actually start this up in your niches if you're new to shop find storing your store show you the best organic traffic sources to get for free show you exactly how to go and actually run Facebook ads for email marketing and show you exactly how to sell your shop viperox via webinars like I do it's Specter which absolutely kills it people come into my business they go through a webinar first they get sold a big batch of products and then they go down a down cell phone on automated market hero that sells some free trials and other products so I'm just literally begging you if you have a Shopify store right now stop going and doing things the hard and slow and awkward unprofitable way come inside our system right now you are seconds away from doing this you're seconds away from me in the course and give market hero a try and just and before you ask we also have some of the best delivery in business you are a good mailer if your spam Miller we're not gonna be able help you out but we literally brought on the head of delivery from Aweber to ensure you're getting the best delivery possible once you prove that you are sending good clean emails to customers which you have asked Shopify store that's pretty straight forward so it's been alex becker come check out market hero right now you get a nine ninety seven dollar course you can try this out for free and you can start with five thousand leads to grow into and if you want to import the rest of your leads over do this you are instantly going to get the data you need to improve the sales from your store and improve your client sales if you're working with a Shopify store right now stop using other systems they're from 1999 move on to the autoresponder that's for Shopify in 2018 let's ben becker i'll see inside you

================================================================================
TITLE: 10k A Day On Youtube
VIDEO ID: GcZYrpEEHc4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcZYrpEEHc4
================================================================================

hashtag cure nation what is going on this is alex becker and you are on your third open email from us you open two more and you get that six hundred dollar course free now what you're gonna see in today's video is a live storm i did that basically breaks down here let me show you how I've grown my channel from zero to over three hundred and close to three hundred twenty thousand subscribers as I make this video and more importantly check out some of these stats in this videos you can see this video right here a hundred sixty two thousand views 158,000 186 two hundred ten eighty to two hundred seventy seven and it just goes on and on and on so what I'm gonna show you in this video is exactly how I go and get hundreds of thousands of views on videos and no it's not because it subs subs don't actually matter on YouTube and most importantly let's tie this back in the business it's not just about getting famous on YouTube and putting a cool youtuber it's about going out there and actually making money in doing this you can see right here I generate about eight thousand dollars a month just posting on YouTube but more importantly the viewers that come on here I will routinely generate about five thousand to ten thousand dollars a day just retargeting and with super cheap ads and I want to show you the ROI on these things so I'm inside my ours dashboard what you can do what's so cool about YouTube is every person that views your video becomes a retargeted person on a list for you this means you can target someone who knows you who probably likes you because they just watch your video and is interested in what you're selling because they just watched your video on the topic so this is a really specific audience I have right here of people that watch my marketing videos not so much my Star Wars videos and you can see right here I spent about fifty five thousand dollars and about three hundred twenty eight thousand dollars back now the thing here about AdWords is the DES tracking is probably way up so we'd probably be closer about five hundred thousand dollars from the fifty five thousand dollars and actually if you go and look at the last 30 days right here the last thirty days you spent about five thousand dollars did probably $50,000 in sales back the advertising and this is not like other advertising where you're going and marketing the people that are cold then what we're doing is remarketing people that are already predisposed to buy therefore they're gonna watch more so it probably only takes one cent again to watch the view that's how much it will cost and Adwords and we're gonna be making like a 10 X or Y without too much effort just like you're seeing here and that's what you're gonna see today the one thing I want to let you know since you've opened three emails in a row I want to give you one really special deal right here so we have what is called the hero sales academy and this is a forty seven dollar per month membership that has literally everything you could ever need when it comes to starting a business online it has how to make your first five our month business in 60 90 days it's actually worked for a lot of people it has exactly how to get tons of free traffic on Facebook forums reddit you name it Instagram we got it email marketing full course on that full course on selling and copy writing and writing sales videos shows you exactly how to convert people that come from your YouTube channel they shows you step-by-step how to do YouTube ads how to write a pitch for clients how to go and do opt-in funnels and funnels to get people spying more of your product a huge course on Facebook Ads it just goes on and on and on all the way down the Instagram and then what I'm gonna offer you is our BMA program which teaches everything you're gonna see in the stream day times 10 because look I only have about an hour in the stream it's about a 15 minute stream of non-stop pure value content you're gonna learn so much in this look this isn't like some disguised pitch I'm just letting you know this right here about this deal because in the VMA program this is $197 if you see it through one of our ads like you can go watch youtube you will see an ad for this program it's a hundred ninety seven bucks this shows everything I know about YouTube it shows you exactly what inch to pick what to sell how to make the videos and how you should make the videos it's gonna show you the exact YouTube algorithm and how I rank number one and get hundreds of thousands of views on videos and how to do this even without a lot of subs and then step-by-step how to convert people and sell stuff without running a single ad but then how to get a 10x ROI on ads like I just showed you and I'm gonna throw that hundred ninety seven dollar program on top of the HS a free trial below if you just try it out now also everything about this has a 60 day no questions asked refund guarantee so it's a 14 day trial below if you do get billed and you're still not happy after 59 days after being billed you can get a full refund no questions asked I just want to let you know about that because you might not wait till the full 50 minutes in and it's a crazy deal I'm only offering in this video so that being said enjoy the stream you don't even worry about the offer if you don't want to right now enjoy the stream it's non-stop content value to make you go wow wow it's insane so check this out it's literally insane it's how we're joining an extra five to ten thousand dollars a day with just posting videos on YouTube on top of the eight thousand dollars a month in Adsense on top of all the branding and exposure that we're getting on YouTube if you are doing a business and you are not on YouTube I think you're insane and this stream is gonna make it very clear why let's get this going guys alright so welcome to live stream I got all set up right let me load up my little doodle pad right here and what are we gonna be talking about tonight guys what are we gonna be talking about tonight's nothing but the legendary YouTube by the way if you're my Instagram we get the vote on what I talk about each day on these live streams and so you should definitely be there so what I'm gonna be breaking down today guys it's a little strategy you guys asked me to do again which is all about YouTube and look a lot of people are kind of reluctant than getting the YouTube let me just kind of show you like some daily stats right here let me just go blood up the screen drop this down move this aside look how good we're getting into the stream and stuff right here but guys look I'm gonna show you a simple little strategy right here and this comes from a whole bunch of other ads right here but here's about what we've done today did about 28 that let me actually refresh then stripe for you guys then about 28,000 actually got thirty thousand dollars in sales about ten thousand dollars in sales and PayPal today and here's our ad spend about eleven thousand dollars on YouTube and so if you want to see how we're doing that you should probably listen up because what I'm gonna show you today is we're about ten thousand dollars of that income comes from it's actually using free traffic and using a very simple retargeting method I'm going to show you to turn that free traffic into customers now look you can also go and use the traffic I'm about to show you you can get sales for free but if you're smart you're gonna do the retargeting okay so this is gonna be a pretty spiffed assed extreme so give me a three if you're excited because we get this going by the way guys we are giving away a copy of H com 2020 live on the stream and the way I'm gonna pick out the person who gets it is it's a person who's most active in the comments so if I see you commenting a lot I see being a cool cat I see you give me way too much attention because I'm very insecure I need it there you get H come 2020 so that's like a two thousand dollar course so guys look I'm just gonna dive straight into the topic of the evening let's make sure I get everything loaded up right let me expand this a little bit so you can see very clearly come on down come on down there we go well pal okay that really didn't change anything at all but it made a big difference like I just tell me it did so look guys let's get into the topic at hand all right so my notes right here great so what I want to talk about first up guys is why you want to be doing YouTube right now because you're probably thinking you know why on earth would I want to make a YouTube channel and it's very very important okay because I want you to understand exactly what happens when people come to your YouTube channel so let's imagine go on put a bit Oh up on thank you thank you over all the people saying hey I see it we got like a ton of people pouring on right now and like a few live stairs ago I tried to answer questions and it just gets crazy because I never Annie back and forth for trolls and stuff like that so if you put a video up on YouTube what YouTube is gonna do if you use the algorithm the way I'm gonna show you in this livestream today and by the way if you hop off you don't get to see the rest of the livestream so don't hop off because I got something actually crazy free thin okay I'm gonna give you like a zillion dollars worth of stuff so look when you upload a video if you use the algorithm the way I'm gonna show you what it allows you to do is get thousands of people let's say ten thousand people to the video now this is gonna happen every single video but if you use the algorithm the way I'm gonna show you this this video you can consistently if you're just starting off get two thousand to five thousand views and by the way it has nothing to do subscribers whatsoever so let's imagine we're in the camping niche right here and we're able to send this amount of traffic to our video by the way there is no other platform on earth there is no other website on earth that's gonna give you ten thousand free visitors maybe Instagram if you get like a really nice post up there but there's no platform on earth that is gonna send you ten thousand visitors warm them up to your offers and get them to like you and become customers for free there just isn't period look at Logan Paul look at Jake Paul there is no platform on earth that is gonna send you that amount of business for free okay maybe vine back in a day Instagram to a little extent but look this is where you want to build it but I want you to understand one thing if you get a thousand people to a video what just happened is you did something very important okay so a lot of you guys probably come to your website again everybody pouring and give me a quick one if you can hear me someone said okay okay I'm listening I like it somewhat everybody saying such mean things about Logan Paul be nice to Logan Paul guys he's he's apologized he's apologized for his mishaps okay so let me make sure that many chat went out all right so look I'm gonna tell you why when you probably send people to your website they don't turn in the customers okay it's probably because you suck at your website first off your app site probably doesn't look great and you probably aren't selling too well but the very bare minimum I want you to really think about a time you went to a website and bought something where you didn't know anything about the business or who it was okay now I want you to think about a time now where you saw a video of somebody your you've got to know somebody a little bit do their videos you got to know their brand or you got to know the brand overall and then you went to their website and it was really really ugly but because you really like the person's videos and that even though the sales process isn't good but you like the person's videos you bought why does this happen why can't a site if it looks really good and you got sent to it but you don't know what it's about why would you not convert there when you're converting at an ugly website with really bad Sun it's because of this rapport trust and respect now look if you have rapport with somebody it means you like them okay you like the person you like what they're doing trust you believe what they're saying okay and respect you believe they are the best at what they're doing all right there you believe they're very knowledgeable if you have all three of these things it is infinitely easier to get someone to buy something okay and don't worry we're gonna get to the algorithm how to get all the free traffic how to get the sales even exactly how we're doing this we're spending like 11,000 making like 40,000 we just made like another thousand bucks right now we're on the stream about another 10k in PayPal right now if you want to know what to do that don't worry we're gonna get that but look if you have these things it's gonna be extremely easy to sell even if your sales skills are awful okay and you want to look you want to pay attention this right now if your sales skills are awful because look if you're watching this right now you probably not you probably good internet marketing you're probably beginner most of you are maybe 10 percent of people here have a business it's working that's fine that's fine but if you have these things right here it's gonna be so much easier to close sales you guys might have seen sales pages I put up online the reason why those sales pages work even though they're really boring okay there's a few like the hero sales academy sales page has like nothing on it we have like 2,000 members in there right now it's also because the contents amazing but people don't know that but they come from the YouTube channel they check and I go wow that's awesome so what just happened what YouTube is gonna do for us is when we put a video up online and then it sends traffic to us for free what YouTube is gonna do is it's two things first off it's going to give us a little way to run ads to every single person that viewed that video no more on that later on but more importantly what it's going to do is it's going to send people to that video and what are we gonna build rapport trust and respect respect okay get it it's all about the respect all right I'm gonna make a lot of Logan Paul jokes tonight so look once you have those things if you can get this person to go to your website then you're gonna be in a very good position now here's the problem though on your videos if you link to your website you're gonna see your videos not get as much traction as they could be now you can still sell from your videos once you warm up the algorithm a little bit to your channel okay I'm gonna talk about how to do that here but more importantly guys what you need to understand is we really don't want to sell in our videos we want to use our videos to get tens of thousands of views and I'm going to show you how to do that and so what I want to break down to you is my exact strategy okay I'm gonna show you my xx tragedy it easily generates 10k a day it's it's very very very simple and you're gonna understand it right away but give me a one if all that makes sense real quick okay someone said one more Logan Paul reference people don't like the Logan Paul references guys guys come on guys it's it's it's I forgot what's what's his sayings I don't know that my Logan Paul sayings anymore what are they no gangster alright I don't I don't know I haven't watched enough I used to watch his channel a lot for giggles but I don't do anymore all right so you guys are clearly getting it good good all right so the next thing we want to get into is look how does a strategy work it's very simple so if you go to my channel you're gonna see that I'm gonna actually lower it where's my channel let me go to my actual channel you know that thing I can see myself streaming to myself right now is it am I in the future because that's what's going on if you guys saw my can you die video you know that I'm technically in a different time warp than you but I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do that alright so look if you look my channel right now I want to point one thing out I have 256 thousand subscribers but I'm gonna show you something if you look at my videos right here it's really hit and miss so if I make a Star Wars video 143 thousand views I make a video games video 5k views I make a video on building a business about 13 K views it's pretty obvious right now that subs don't really matter okay I can show you a lot of Shopify bloggers I can show you a lot of people that have way less substance I do to get more views than I do and that's because what YouTube looks at is not your sub count sadly I would love if it just sent it my video to all my subscribers that's not how it works okay what YouTube is gonna do is gonna look at the metrics behind your video and if you get the right metrics on your video what is then going to happen is YouTube is gonna blow that video up so doesn't matter if you have subs or not and so I noticed this a while back and so what I will do is I make videos using a very specific strategy and I use a headline a combination of the headline the thumbnail and going for a high watch time to get YouTube to blow up my video for example this video right here the Star Wars video got 143 thousand views in about a week okay that right there is worth probably like fifty to eighty thousand dollars for me I'm gonna explain why in a second okay but just understand that it's about 50 to 80 thousand bucks to me and I'm gonna show you exactly how I do that so what you're gonna notice is if you get a video that has a high watch time gets a lot of clicks and has a good thumbnail YouTube is gonna blow it up so what I do is I make these videos and I'm gonna get YouTube to send me anywhere from 10k to 100k views on average now if I make an entertainment based video I'm usually gonna get that hundred K views and so what YouTube then does is it gives me a retargeting list of let's imagine this alright so I make a shop of a video it gives me the 10,000 people who just watched that video okay and so I can go right here into my shared library and AdWords I can go to audiences and I can literally find every single person that's viewed that video and I'm gonna show you how to get these views here in a second if you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed just bear with me so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna create an audience of anybody that viewed a video from my channel okay so this is I literally have an audience inside my account I'm not gonna scroll down to it right now but it has like I think like 8 million people on it or something like that but more importantly iWitness I wanted to go and target people that have watched in the past two days so these are people that just watch my videos these are gonna be the people most likely to convert so what I'm gonna do is it's gonna give me a retarding list of 10k to 100k people and so right after they watch that video what's gonna happen is I'm gonna send and add to them on AdWords say hey I noticed you just watched this video or if the person just watched a video on Shopify what I'm gonna do is I'm going to send them to our HTM 20/20 webinar okay so let's imagine this I get 10,000 people to watch my Shopify video and if I can get those 10,000 people and then I can get I don't know 500 of those 10,000 people who just watched my video they opted in for a webinar I converted about 3% on that webinar okay so 250 show up that's about 7 sales ok that's about 7 sales about 14,000 dollars in my pocket now what's going on right here if I get like a hundred K Beus or something like that I can do the same exact thing I said hey this is Becker I saw you just watched my videos come and tend to live event today we're building a business if I get 100k views man I just get 30 people to watch that that's 60,000 bucks does that make sense but why do those people opt-in why are they so much cheaper you need to understand that when I run an ad to these people usually right here I'll show you um I'll show you this alright so check this out here's a perfect example of me doing this right here so I'm gonna do last let's see last week okay so it costs me usually about seven eight dollars to get people to sign up for a webinar now these are people that IRA targeted from video views and my subscribers and stuff like that and if you actually go back I was paying about $1 per opt-in for our webinar all right a dollar per opt-in okay and the amount we were generating per day is about 8,000 bucks a day at $1 per opting we're spending probably about 500 bucks to make 8,000 back that's what you understand because these people they've just watched the video they just watched you and you just gained rapport trust and respect then you ask them to attend a webinar when they on this kind of rapport trust and respect hi and what's gonna happen is boom they buy and they convert much higher and they opt-in much higher so give me a one if that makes sense so far if you having some aha moments yes RTR go to the RTR dance alright anyone remember the Macarena I was watching this video the other day like that brought the Macarena and I remember when I was like in fourth grade doing that that's that's how you know you're cool alright first person I want to see I want to see Macarena chants in the chat right now this gives this really increases your odds of getting H come 2020 alright first person to say hey Macarena gets twenty cool points in my book alright alright we're done we're done there we go there we go thank you guys all right that gives you 20 cool points if you put it in there I'll remember you at the end of this and we're giving out those things so guys how do we get these views all right how do we get these views pretty simple okay so what I'm gonna do is let me make sure I'm on pace with my notes is I want to go and let's imagine we're in the camping niche and I use the camping niche because it's so easy to sort of explain what all right so let's go to YouTube and let's type in make sure I'm screwing the same thing alright cool so let's go and type in survival and let's go find some channels okay so um primitive technology right here so there's three tactics you can use to consistently get views and I just use the if you watch my videos the ones that actually go and try and get views for I use one of these three topics or strategies every single time so I'm gonna show you the first strategy right here so I'm gonna go back to my channel I don't know why I came over here we're live everything's just gonna be awful if you want better teaching this is why you watch the videos if you want a complete mess of a thing you come to the live streams alright so let's go and look at this video right here alright so read the headline right here how to make a thousand dollars a day at fifteen years old or as a beginner alright eight hundred eighty one thousand views now we're gonna go to my buddy deadbeat Dan's deadbeat super affiliate alright and I love Dan by the way I'm not giving him poop or anything right there so look look at his most viewed video how to make $100 a day as a lazy 16 to 17 year old do you see the similarity in headlines and you see the similarity and thumbnails yes so what you want to do if you want to have a successful YouTube channel go and look at other channels and I'm telling you this copy their headlines and thumbnails and put a slight twist on them like Dan did right here by the way I copied an headline headlines too I copied an the syllables head we all copy each other's headlines okay no one none of us are original we're marketers all right if we were original we'd be you know going to Japan and filming stuff in the woods and and yelling on trampolines like Logan so look we're gonna go back to my channel man I want to actually let's go that survival Channel survival Channel there we go so we go over here to primitive technology and I mean these guys look like they haven't made I mean if who doesn't want to go live in a hut in the woods and sleep and a pile their own you know have you ever seen that show naked and afraid good gosh that this place I'm like the the what you might call it the National Geographic Channel or whatever this is one chant it plays it 24/7 straight I don't understand how that show caught wind but it's weird don't go google it so what we're gonna do is we're gonna go look at this guy's channel let's go look at his videos and let's organize them by popularity all right bingo bingo there we go so primitive technology bow and arrow alright so we could obviously make a video on how to build a bow and arrow in the woods something like that how to build your forge in the woods how to make mud bricks alright primitive technology how to make mud bricks or something like this like these people really effing like making mud bricks I don't see the appeal but 22 million people than six months so look let's imagine we are selling something that I didn't cover what we're gonna sell let me back up and do that so let's imagine we have an e-commerce store okay and we have are we up to we could have do this two ways we have a survival course or we have an e-commerce store the ecommerce store sells tents and our site sells a survival course okay easy enough so those are what you're gonna sell and you can get the tents by going to aliexpress.com and we're gonna do tents so what are you gonna do if you don't know what drop shipping is we're basically gonna go then find a tent on here alright so you see this one right here Kim can pop up down out there camping tip quick and automatic opening tent for whatever all right so it's 40 bucks we could easily sell this tent for $150 from our website then what we do is we come to this website we buy the tent and we ship is the person that bought that's called drop shipping and it's done in every story you've ever been in whole food 7/11 the dollar store maybe I don't know yeah pretty much every store ever so knowing that now what we're gonna do is we're gonna go and say all right so how can we get people to our tent or a survival store we're gonna go and make videos just like this teaching people how to survive in the woods maybe using the tent that we're gonna sell in our store or we're gonna teach people how to survive in the woods and then afterwards tell them hey look by the way if you like this video come check out my course and the way we're gonna do that we'll make videos like this channel is made okay and copy the videos and we want to do about three to four videos a week is that a lot of videos not really actually it at my usual pace no not at all but look if you can rack up a subscriber list of or not even a subscriber list a view list of 10 20 50 thousand people that is enough to make six figures a year easy I'll show you how here in a second now the next way you can go and get a lot of views is you want to go and copy trends so check what I'm doing on my channel alright so we're gonna go to my channel pop on over so I want to show you some of my most popular videos we're gonna go order them by most popular so look you're gonna notice how I blogged about Star Wars a lot why well first off the last Jedi did you see that it's offensive it's offensive okay I'll just leave it at that Luke Skywalker has no business doing the things he was doing with that fat little bubble creature down by the creek alright that was inappropriate and I felt like I was watching an adult film Luke Skywalker is one of the actors that was not cool alright but anyways a lot of people were also very pissed off they shared my same feelings about this and so I noticed there's a lot of trending anger about the movie and so I made a bunch of videos on it look at this video 275 thousand views 400,000 views do you keep going down there's another one right here 143 thousand views look what do you want to do is you want to look out for trends so what were some really good videos you could have made a video about this last week to get a lot of views the Zuckerberg thing I believe the Han Solo trailer came out and what you want to do is you want to look for relevant news big news to Syria thing with Trump okay you want to make videos about them and then tie that into your topic why it's gonna bring a lot of viewers to your channel now this isn't the best way to get organic viewers that are really interested in your topic but this will bring a lot of people in now the final way to get a lot of views is what I like to call feats of strength and this is where you go and do something ridiculous and really this isn't the best way to get views it's a really good way to grow your channel but I would really start off with the headline thumbnail tactic I talked about but check this one out here rich kid buys over a thousand overwatch loop boxes so I went and bought 1,000 overwatch loot boxes I think it cost me like nine hundred dollars to do that I made my money back in the Adsense alone from this video so I think I think if you get a million views on a video it's probably about a thousand to two thousand bucks you're gonna make so that's about the give or take it depends on your channels value and stuff like that but what you do is you go and do something crazy not super crazy but there's all sorts of things you can do for example I get go I can go get in the Ferrari and go pick people up in uber okay that would be a really viral video you can make videos comparing certain things like here's one $100 steak versus thousand dollar steak okay check out this one 27 million views so what you want to do is you want to create videos that trigger a question okay so you could do $10 survival tent versus $1,000 survival tent you could do let's just do like a survival video right here alright so you could have watch me survive in the woods for one week I'm not saying that would be the best idea right there but look how many views this thing got 1.5 million views you make one of those videos and I would do maybe one of these videos once a month you're gonna get lots of views you can turn those views easily easily into customers so those are the three ways to get views okay give me an X if you're tracking right now give me those x's and remember the people that are most that are coming the most interacting the most you're up to win age comm 2020 okay let me make sure awesome look at all those X's I like it I like the participation we're gonna do the X dance now donate some money to I think you can do that in YouTube domine donate me ago the first person to find a way to donate a dollar on this channel I'm gonna give you H comm 2020 to donate a dollar alright and if we get $10 and donated i will donate them to save a puppy or something I don't I don't I don't know okay I like all those X's guys I'm enjoying this alright so look now how do we get people to view our video very simple so the next thing you want to do is you want to go through you need to understand there's two things that control whether people or whether your video explodes all right it's it's clicks you're right and watch time now there's tons more stuff that goes into videos being viewed but if you can consistently nail these two you're gonna be okay so CTR is handled by those tactics I just talked about alright it's handled by those now watch time how do you get a high watch time it's very simple one you're not gonna always get a good watch time but you need to make your watch time go about eight minutes if you can get about eight minutes of watch time on average on your video you're going to do pretty well so what you want to do is you want to upload videos are about 15 to 18 minutes in length alright if you go look at my most popular videos the the Star Wars ones for example they're about 20 minutes of rant now when you're making these videos what you need to do in the first minute is you need to hook people the most important thing is you hook people what a lot of people do is they say hey subscribe to my channel by the way I make videos on this and man I really love mac and cheese I'm gonna go get some mac and cheese real quick be right back just remembered I'm in my garage I don't have any mac and cheese guys but look guys here's what the video is about today it's about this book it's really good see that's what most people do in their videos that's when people click away and that's why you see so many people if their YouTube channels and they get like 50 views per video it's because they do stuff like that hook people in the first minute so if I'm making a video about how to make 10,000 a month on shop I'm gonna say look in this video I'm going to start it off with a crazy intro and the first 30 seconds make people go what's going on here then the next 30 seconds what I'm gonna do is say hey look in this video you're gonna see step by step how to make $200 a day on Shopify without without any investment and you're gonna see able to do it in 32 seconds whatever creates curiosity and then get into your topic and don't stop progressing spend about 30 seconds per point and then keep moving keep moving keep moving keep moving especially if you're doing educational videos especially if you're doing educational videos if you're doing entertainment base videos show some emotion get a little bit angry rant a little bit people like angry rants they just do that's just that's just a side talk but what you want to do is just make sure to make your videos and progress very rapidly you don't need high levels of quality you don't need this a two thousand dollar camera take out your iPhone turn it sideways get a white light shoot some videos okay there are tons of videos online where people have made tons of views just from an iPhone okay so give me a three real quick if you're still tracking you're getting this it's all making sense that's how you go and get that's how you use the algorithm and look guys one thing you understand as a lot be you might be tempted to go back to you like your SEO roots cuz i got into SEO and back when i first go to youtube you could use PP ends and all sorts of stuff the rink don't do that anymore you just want to go for watch time and click-through rate and while there might be some SEO tricks still out there look my SEO trick makes videos about star wars make videos buying loot boxes and video games get a ton of views alright shooting threes like the NBA yeah I like that there we go awesome alright so how do we make money now how do we make money so this is very simple so we're gonna make these videos we're gonna upload them and I would really encourage you to do three videos a week three videos a week is what you need to do why because I just increases your odds it's kind of like playing a slot machine not every video is gonna work I mean like look at some of the videos on my channel I have some real stinkers okay I have some real stinkers like this one right here like check out this one right here like I made a video game video none of you guys watch this video game video not nice not a nice thing to do guys okay so knowing that you want to upload many videos as you can and you want to kind of play around with your topics like obviously I can get a lot of views if I use a celebrity name or I go in there and I use like a big trend or something like that so now that we're doing that guys we want to go and create an ad so how do we create an ad very simple you want your ad to be about a minute in 30 seconds the first five seconds you need hook them and how do you do that you pitch them on what they're gonna get without all the things they hate hey do you want to make $4,000 a month without investing or working hard hey do you want to go camping in the woods but keep getting attacked by bears hey do you want do you want to be more attractive to girls but you don't want to lose weight here's my magic secret dude or dudette all right so that's what you do okay what I would do honestly you should just make a video where it starts off and it says you're fat and then and then just yell that and then obviously everybody will pay attention and be like and you should be like you're fat if you were 20 or more pounds overweight by the way you don't have to do that here's our special sitting yeah don't don't do that but that would be kind of funny you might see that ad in the future if I can get that approved all right so look after the first five seconds where you hook them we want to spend about 30 seconds explaining how they're gonna get all those things so hey do you want to go camp in the woods but you keep getting attacked by bears well you know that this special tent that we showed in one of our videos it's been displayed on our channel Survival super dudes calm it's been displayed on our channel and what's happened is when we put in this tent bear attacks have reduced by 90% and we didn't have to do a thing we can sit in there and eat our SpaghettiOs and no bears are doing anything to us it's it's a maze it's amazing and so what we're doing today is we're actually giving a huge discount on this tent because you've viewed our channel and so if you click right here we're gonna give you 50% off and so what you want to do on this part of the video for about 10 seconds is give them a call to action saying look we're giving this tent 50 percent off on our store today we're giving 50% off our survival course you need to come here right now and if you don't come here right now the Bears are gonna get your SpaghettiOs nobody likes sharing their SpaghettiOs alright so what you didn't need to do is another three seconds is you need to explain the benefits say like look this tent is insulated if a bear touches it they catch on fire instantly they don't tell PETA but yeah it's amazing tent and then you need to close in the next ten seconds telling them hey the tents here hey the tents here that's it you do that you're gonna be doing really well and you I want you to understand most ecommerce experts they run an ad the people that don't know about them in their brand therefore the ad doesn't work if you run your ad to a person that respects you have rapport with and trust you RTR all right even though I set out to order okay if you were if you're running out to a person who has RTR especially coming up the high of watching your video you're gonna see I'm not joking five hundred percent higher conversion rates why because they know who you are they know who you are and they like what you have so how do we go and do this once we have the ad how do we go and create the ad it's really simple first one go down here we're gonna go to our shared library and AdWords and we're gonna go and create a of anybody dispute our videos in the last two days easy okay there's a few videos on the channel too to kind of teach you some bit more and I'm also gonna give you a way to like do this here in a second now next thing you want to do we're gonna go and create an ad I'm gonna keep this one pretty simple okay and for everybody turning in right here just for everybody hopping on just show any kind of what we're talking about we're talking to how we're doing an extra 10k day on a YouTube you can see we spent about eleven thousand dollars a day and we've already made about another thousand dollars we're doing about we're at about forty thousand in sales today from all the businesses actually I think I don't know where we got we got another processes are right here and we got PayPal per source wave and stuff like that so it's going good going good so if you're interesting that and listen up so what we're then going to do is we're gonna go and create an that so how do we create an ad we're just gonna go right here and we're gonna get create an ad do I'm not gonna show it let me just show you can I have what it looks like so there you go really simple you just link to your page and everything like that and what you want to do in your video targeting is you come over here we're gonna go to remarketing and then we're just gonna simply target what are you doing we're gonna target everybody that's viewed see all sorts of videos like if you viewed this video right here I'm gonna target you with the consulting ad if you viewed you with this if you viewed this ad it just goes on if you viewed a Shopify video I'm gonna target with this alright this ad set this one hundred forty thousand people right here is worth like Lisl e 5k a day to me so I'm just gonna go and do recent views if you viewed my video in the past one day hit save boom we're running an ad and here's the most beautiful thing guys it's gonna be dirt cheap to do this and so instead of going out there like every other person out there and targeting a bunch of people that don't know you you're gonna start your first Shopify store only targeting people or your first digital marketing store whatever targeting people that like that have did you have rapport with trust with and respect now here's the thing let me let's look at a few ways you could really monetize this first off imagine you had a survival brand or any brand losing weight juicing shaving cats if you're into that type of thing and what you're gonna do is we can go and then target them let's imagine we get us membership and it's 47 bucks a month and we give them a free trial so let's imagine that these 10,000 people that view a video we get 200 of them to sign up for a free trial 200 if we get just fifty percent of those people to convert that's a hundred people that's forty seven hundred bucks a month year-round that's forty that's like about fifty sixty thousand bucks a year one video 10,000 people gimme an X if that kind of gets you excited like that if you see the potential right there that's why I think reoccurring memberships especially where you coach is the best way to get started ever pretty cool right yeah one video 10,000 people let's imagine guys you upload a video every single day or three times a week for a month and you're able to rack up 30,000 retargeting viewers you got these people for free all you need to do is get 200 of them to convert now what else let's imagine you have a brand where you teach people for lack of better words let's say you help businesses that's a little name one you help people learn Facebook Ads okay you make a video about Facebook advertising and then you retarget people right after soon let's say you're not gonna give them any views both so you get 3000 views you retarget everybody right after asking what they want to sign up for a consultation call where you'll help them with your Facebook Ads if you get 3000 people and you get to that with you for a thousand dollars a month paid traffic management that's 2,000 bucks a month 24 K a year from one video that's the greasy hot goodness I'm talking about right here that's the bigger picture you need to look at right here for example guys if I make a Shopify video Oh wonder what I'm you've never seen me be one of those yeah this keeps going like here we go ten days hundred dollars a day hacking shop by sellers 10k 10k so I got 24 people right there so 24 K people if I get 10 of those people to buy H come 2020 I just made 20 great okay okay but if I can get three of those people at a twenty four thousand you've just watched this video that's sixty thousand dollars in my bank account and it's a little bit more obvious how I'm able to go and generate see I just made another 500 bucks is sitting right here okay so it's pretty it's pretty obvious how I'm able to go out there and generate an extra 30 to 40 sometimes 50k a day on even crazy days eighty thousand dollars a day just going out there and using a lot of this is a my only tactic I run a lot of cold traffic ads as well a lot of cold traffic ads but this right here is responsible for about an extra tank a day and sales so I have a question for you guys how many people give me a three if you want three more if someone said how do you do loan law or a lot of questions hold up give me a three if you want more information like this okay you want this like in depth you want this process mapped out okay here's the crazy thing I'm about to do if you've been on any of my live streams before you probably know hey it then Alex Lee usually likes to pitch hold on to your butt's for one second because this is about to rock your world all right so look I have this program called the video marketing accelerator okay it's amazing program is a four-week program that teaches you how to create a YouTube channel how the film the videos how to run the ads everything in the same detail so we just been at this for about 45 minutes this course is about I don't know 10 to 15 hours long every my new detail what type of video to make what the seigneur video is what the seigneur ads what procs to sell everything okay and the people just got me like fifty thousand bucks like the results are insane from this okay it's four complete weeks of training too intense huge video series shows you how to pick your niche exactly what niche to get into how to make the videos how to use the YouTube algorithm exactly I go into insane detail on this you can really rig it in your favor to get these views and you can get exactly the retargeting I just broke down its gonna show you how to bid how'd it go and do this and if you're using AdWords the first time it's kind of confusing now here's the thing give me the next right now if you would probably very comfortably pay what we run this it for example if you watch one of my youtube videos you can invite it to a live stream or a auto webinar for this now many people here give me a three if you'd easily buy this at 197 I'm not even pitching right now but imagine if it just did everything I just said a lot you get your algorithm going how'd you get a ton of views allows you to do all the retargeting okay and we sell it for 197 give me an X or whatever right now if you would easily easily buy this okay and actually I'm just going through I'm actually not sharing the right screen like always but imagine if it did all those things I'm talking about right here alright so oops that's the wrong one as well see live streams dudes let me actually go and show you what I'm talking about don't go to that URL don't go to that URL this is actually way better alright because I'm about to blow your mind this is this is completely impromptu I just decide to go and offer this again denied so let me go and actually ad where is it screen capture and let's go pull up this one two seconds guys it's totally worth it it's totally worth it and oops go to window anyways like this it's totally worth it guys just two more seconds I'm so bad at these things all right there we go all right so look all right so on this right here the VMA program easily Sol's $197 eye all day all right so I think I saw a ton of people just going through saying 333 alright so guys here's what I'm gonna do all right I'm gonna I can go through all the slides again I could go absolutely nuts right here but guys you said you would buy this for 197 bucks here is what I'm gonna do tonight okay so if you look at my screen right now I'm gonna do something kind of crazy I'm gonna go over to kajabi and here's read this right here you can try the hero sales academy for 30 days for $1 but here's the incentive and this ends as soon as the stream is over I'm gonna ask answer a few more questions about this but I'm gonna add the VMA program it's 197 bucks all right I'm not gonna give this existing members and if you buy into the hero sales academy tonight for $1 you try it for 30 days for $1 I'm gonna give you the video marketing accelerator it's $197 on top of that so here's the deal all tonight you can wait tomorrow and get the video marketing accelerator through one of our ads for 197 bucks or you can come in through our $1 trial that's below this video right now our $1 trial the hero sales academy which is absolutely amazing it teaches you sales strategies how to make the sales videos I'll go into it a little bit more but you can get the entire program that $197 program I just talked about it you can go buy right now for under ninety seven bucks for one dollar and all you need to do is go to this URL right here or click the link right below this is it wasn't that worth the wait give me an X exclamation mark if that was worth the wait I'm literally I'm literally giving you yes someone's thinking what the how do I get how do I get in there yeah I'm literally giving you the entire VMA program it's a hundred ninety seven bucks if you just come in and put one dollar and now here's the thing too after thirty days if you keep it it's forty seven bucks a month for the the hero sales academy the contents also amazing but here's the catch there is no catch if you want your money back at any time you have a 90 day refund guarantee even on that dollar purchase the link is right below so if guys if we go to my my channel right now and you're looking at me streaming right here this is gonna be weird I'm gonna watch myself stream the link is gonna be right here oh my gosh shut up Alex you're annoying alright so look you're just gonna go right here you're gonna go this page you're gonna come on down and I'm totally I'm so bad changing out these screens there you go so I'm the channel it's gonna be right here you click right there you come here you put one dollar in and automatically deliver to you is the whole entire video marketing accelerate it's gonna show you everything to do this how to create the ads how to make the ad video what type of videos to put up how to use the algorithm it's even going to get into how I built a subscriber base of 250,000 people using a marketing channel which is pretty difficult to do unless you know how to use the algorithm kind of like I've talked about in this so if you have questions hit me up but ask me about this strategy ask me about how to get views on your YouTube channel ask me about challenges you have and I'll answer your questions right now as I keep this page up that's the deal for the evening guys you get the $197 VMA program you can buy denaro for $197 by simply going and setting up the hero sales academy on a 30 day trial at $1 it ends as soon as the stream is done if you do not take advantage of this right now before the stream is done I don't understand you okay because you can cancel the hero sales came in anytime you get to keep the video marking accelerator that's the deal the century right there and the reason why I can make that guy's is cuz the hero sales Academy is just amazing okay it's amazing so questions what do you guys got for me tonight what questions do you have someone said we get the hero sales academy plus VMA yes you get the entire hero sales academy plus the VMA program someone said I hate doing videos dog well if you don't like doing videos then you know you can't really do that someone actually did too many questions pouring and there's a lot of people gumming in so I'm gonna teach one more tactic about YouTube okay all right so if someone said I bought it already I'll buy it again for this put in the dollar put in a dollar okay and guys again I just go nuts in here again the person I'd the person I see going nuts the motions chat is gonna get a CH come 2020 okay so all right so I'm gonna teach you one more tactic before I hop off again the URL is directly below this video so this is pretty crazy so if you go on Facebook guys the hardest challenge most people have is when they go and run their first ads they only target interest that's really hard because I want to tell you something about your ads I'm gonna let's say you're selling a workout set all right you saw barbells and you're gonna go and target people that like bodybuilding but I'm gonna tell you right away that targeting someone just because they like bodybuilding doesn't necessarily mean they're your perfect customer for barbells you don't and so what Facebook gives you the option to do is create look-alike audiences and so what Facebook will do is if you give them enough examples of people they'll go out there and find a million people just like those people that right there is a far better audience because the perfect person for your dumbbells is probably a male 25 to 34 takes protein supplements lives in New Jersey close to the beach okay because he's a Guido that's gonna be your target marker and so what's gonna happen let's imagine we go and put up a YouTube video so we put up a video and then we run an ad to every single person to view that video so here's workout Wally okay we run an ad on YouTube to this guy alright so Bam Bam now what's gonna happen is when this is gonna look so ugly when work out Wally comes to your website he's gonna get recorded Facebook's gonna go ah workout Wally this man is 25 to 34 eats a lot of Cheetos and has an addiction to protein powder and pre-workout supplements ah I know the perfect customer for this guy and so you said about 50 to 100 of these guys to your site and then when Facebook is gonna let you do is create a look-alike audience of a million people just like this guy and here's the shortcut instead of starting off your Shopify ads or your even your digital marketing ads to people that are not your target customer you have facebook a little ego and create an audience just for you of people that are just like the people that are visiting your website organically for the most part because they are people that are watching your videos organically a guided system and watches a ten minute video on pre-workout supplements it's probably gonna be interested in pre-workout supplements don't you think and so when you're in an ad to them and SCIM to your site and you get a hundred people that are interested in pre-workout supplements to your site face it's gonna go ah I see this is the key and then it's gonna go and give you that perfect look-alike audience give me next up that's pretty cool I'm gonna give away the copy of H com 2022 Chris oh my gosh what it what a what a at the comments oh yeah look at those X's yeah all right yeah it gets me going guys all right so look guys that is tonight's livestream we're having another one tomorrow 8:00 p.m. Eastern problem you might stream in the middle of day actually I'm probably on doing like random live streams all the time at random times just like that so look guys I'm begging you right now I'm begging you come check out I'm gonna show you this real quick come get the video marketing accelerator it's gonna show you step by step everything I've done tonight down to an insane detail exactly how I'm generating like guys again the numbers don't lie it's gonna show you exactly I'm not how I'm doing all right so if we look at this right here where's the there we go so it's gonna show you exactly how I'm hopping over here you're actually gonna see some of the ad campaigns I'm running to and how we're spending eleven thousand dollars a day doing about forty thousand dollars back to the rest of this is in PayPal and more importantly show me how we had generated an extra ten kid and I really want you to see the final potential here guys remember what we talked about if you go and run a survival video you get 30,000 views here out the month if you can get just a hundred people or 200 people to try a free trial and convert at 50% and pay you 47 bucks a month you're making forty seven hundred bucks a month that's the potential here if you get a video that has a lot of views you get people to that video you get just a super small minority a hundred people out of 30,000 on a forty seven dollar per month program you are now financially free congratulations imagine this you go and create a video teaching people how to do Facebook ads you get three thousand people to view that video you run an ad right after that video that you just you get all these people for free these people now trust you they like you and they respect you you get two of those people at a three thousand to converted a thousand dollars per month pay traffic management after they already like you boom that's 24 K a year you make five or six of those videos you get five or six clients boom you're financially free you make a survival video okay you get 10k views this is why I'm really a big fan of reoccurring stuff because reoccurring stuff makes the most money just keep that in mind but let's imagine we get 10,000 views and you make the video showcasing the tent a little bit you get just 20 of those people to buy of $200 tent you just made 4000 bucks for the month and these people are gonna convert so much cheaper the clicks are gonna be so much cheaper because they know you and they're gonna convert so much higher and guys if you want to learn how to do that come check out the video marketing accelerator which usually sells for right here actually where's the scroll right here usually sells for and you can come on to one of our Auto webinars tomorrow and pick this up 497 bucks or what you can do right now guys is you can simply do this okay you can come on over to the channel there's gonna be a link right below the video right here em hero life dot sell our em em hero dot live slash sell that is a funky URL you click on it you come on over here and you try this for $1 we're gonna give you the VMA program it's a hundred ninety seven bucks we're gonna give you the entire hero sales academy like let me show you everything that's inside this it's insane that's actually the checkout page I'm gonna go to actually the offer give me two seconds I'm gonna pop on over there that let me show you everything that's inside the hero sales academy cuz it's nuts like look at the people commenting and chat it's it's amazing I'm not just saying that leave the stuff in here that's insane because what's gonna show you how to do let me pop this back up now is what's gonna show you how to do is how to create the sales videos to convert those people it's gonna show you the sales strategies that actually make people convert on your website it's gonna allow you to go and you even have a huge section right here on an entirely how to get free traffic to your site so guys if you don't want to start running ads right away we have how to get free traffic on Facebook forms everywhere and then how to get your first membership going again if you get 50 to 100 people paying you 47 bucks a month you're financially free got we got Facebook Ads we got YouTube ads we got all the funnels guys I'm offering this all to you right now for the price of literally let's go where is this one right here literally one dollar guys okay one dollar you can try it everything you get the hero sales academy you can get the VMA program for one buck and this all closes down as soon as the stream is done so guys had a plasti night another successful live stream and I only messed up just a little bit just a little bit be sure to subscribe you'll get notified by YouTube whenever we go live and I'm gonna close this down in about three minutes so you have this chance right now to get on the sales academy get to vm a program for literally $1 it has a 90 day refund guarantee and I really don't how to pitch this cuz I think you're insane if you hop off this and don't take it don't take it up on this so that's it guys alright so everybody give me a back fat X if you liked it I got to give away 20 20 I got give away Tariq 20 20 who's been the craziest dude on here who's been the craziest guy I'm scrolling through I got to get the Falcon punch

================================================================================
TITLE: How To 3x Shopify Sales With A Few Clicks
VIDEO ID: pVwAuBSGIW4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVwAuBSGIW4
================================================================================

hashtag urination what's going on this is alex becker again and you open email number two in the v email challenge if you open three more you can get that six hundred dollar course but look we're not here to talk about the course we're here to talk about how you explode your Shopify store so what I'm gonna show you in this video is attack that I've seen so many companies use in fact I'm gonna show you a company that 100 million their first year in e-commerce and if you do any type of drop shipping any type of e-commerce whatsoever what I'm gonna show you right here makes it insanely easy to get a 5 to 10 X return on your Facebook Ads your YouTube ads and if you're using free traffic it's just insane the amount of numbers you can do and the way you do this is by focusing on the one thing that most ecommerce stores forget their back-end I'm just gonna put out a very simple scenario for you right now let's imagine you have a $10 t-shirt and so in order for you to make money on that t-shirt you need to get a person to buy for at least $5 that could be pretty difficult with your Facebook ads but what if you had a way to consistently get a person that bought that $10 t-shirt to come back a month from now and buy a $20 t-shirt and then come back two months from now and buy a $30 gadget and then come back three months from now and buy another $15 t-shirt that $10 sale would actually be worth close to forty to fifty dollars in extra business so how would that change your advertising instead of having to go out there and pay $5 to get a $10 so you could spend $12 and get that $10 sale because you know over the next three months you're gonna make 40 to 50 more dollars back that's insane that completely changes how you run ads because suddenly you're not working with these small little budgets where you can't scale cuz it's difficult something you can go out there and actually spend some real money and you're making that 5x return that allows your store to blow up because you can get really aggressive with your paid ads it's it's hard it's hard when you're working with really tight numbers like a ten dollar sale you have to get it for five bucks that's difficult going out there and getting a 10 dollar sale for $10 and in getting the extra $40 in sales coming in aka literally for Xing your money is fairly simple to do if you just follow the tactics on it and this is how so many stores to sell every big really smart brand online operates proactive the brand I'm going to show you and tons and tons of supplement companies I've researched this is exactly how they operate in fact they lose money on the front of their ads don't worry we're not gonna be doing that here but if you apply this right here it makes your ads 5 times more problem if you just tack this on what you're already doing you will make 5x the prof because these methods right here are not hard to apply it is simply getting people to come back to your store and buy more and that's the cheapest traffic source on earth because you control that traffic source via your emails so we're gonna hop in my computer right now and I'm gonna show you this works alright so where my computer and I can't stress this enough I've done massive amounts of research on companies like vouchers did one hundred million dollars their first year in fact it's Spectre my nootropic and supplement an anti-aging company we literally follow most of very similar funnels to it I'm gonna show you exactly where we make most of our money at and I've listened extensively deliver Firestone and I'm not gonna tell you exactly what he's doing I'm not going to speak for him anything of that but this is one of the brands I one of the brand's he runs boom and I literally by speaking to a ton of people in his mastermind stuff like that the biggest e-commerce businesses they make so much more of their money from retargeting and repeat customers and not that first sale and where I see so many e-commerce people messing up is this is what their business looks like they run an ad to their product and this is it like this is where the money is made and this is so this is so bad this is so incredibly bad and if you listen to what I'm gonna say in this video you will three to five extra store it is virtually impossible for you not to and it's a few clicks away so just please give me a little bit of attention right here bear with me because we're every other business is making their money is this is where most noobs and stupid businesses make their money or most other businesses make their money is back here after the sale because everything that is sold right here is free or much much cheaper than selling this first sale in fact the most expensive cost least cost efficient way to get customers it's focusing on making money on the first sale this will always have the lowest Ori by far and the stuff in the back end whether you're doing retargeting or email marketing or facebook messenger marketing I'm going to show you will always always always have the most profitable return by far always in all ways and so I'm going to show you three very simple ways in this video to explode your business actually four if we get into a bonus once so this one right here is single handily the biggest L T V if you pay attention just this one thing at more than anything else in this video your business will double it is impossible for you not to because the way you will run your business will change forever so I want to breakdown to you who's gonna make more money right here so this is how most people work let's imagine you both are selling a $10 t-shirt so you run an ad and you sell $10 t-shirt in order to get the profit from this let's imagine there's no hard cost of selling the shirt anything like that in order to make a profit right here you need to get a sale or a good prop you need to get that sale for like at least five to six bucks now that's pretty tight what does this mean if this if this is where your business stops at you have to be play a pretty tiptoe II game with your Facebook Ads you can't get aggressive like you need to only go and focus on traffic it's gonna get you this five to six star sale and what's gonna happen is eventually this is gonna become almost impossible to do as e-commerce becomes more competitive but you're having a bid very low and you're having to be very not aggressive because your business stops right here now who's gonna make more money right here this is how most multi seven-figure are eight figure or nine figure e-commerce businesses work there's an ad and let's imagine they're selling that ten dollar t-shirt but what they'll do is they'll spend $12 to get that 10 dollar sale now first off let's just focus on this right here who's gonna get most of the traffic who's gonna be able to scale their traffic further you are this person this person is they can pay $12 per sale but see you're making about probably four dollars profit right here there's no hard cost in shirts even lower when we bring an e-commerce hard cost which I'm not gonna deal with in this video because it just it brings a whole nother realm of math problems to this now let's imagine this guy right here they go and for every sale right here they are able to go and on average get a person to come back two weeks later and buy another $10 shirt and on average they're able to get a person to come in 30 days later and buy a $15.00 hat and then within three months on average people come in and buy at least one more mug or something like that for let's say 10 bucks each $10 sale right here where they've lost $2 but in the back end they just made 10 25 $35 so this ad right here even though they are losing money they are making almost six times more than you seven times more than you in their back end because the long-term value of each customer that comes in is their $35 do you do this I really don't think so most beginning Shopify businesses don't do this at all whereas literally inside a market here oh let me show you this all right so this is this is my autoresponder this is my email platform but more important this is the only system on planet earth they can do what I'm about to show you and get you this number with ease because the second you plug your Shopify store into market hero it is 100% automated when I'm over the shoes 110 I may not look I'm not gonna do any crazy pitch or anything like this the cold simple fact is market here is the only software platform that connects to your email and Facebook messenger and allows you to get these numbers there's nothing else on planet earth that does this in an automated fashion you have to combine like three other systems Infusionsoft a ton of other confusing stuff to get these numbers so check this out because I can't make it any more clear than this so here's this one product I sold called source machine from one of my businesses so let's imagine this is your e-commerce product now this product right here is $99 when a person buys it so you would think if I was running ads I'd have to clear at least I'd have to get the sale for less than $99 to make money absolutely wrong absolutely wrong and what we want to do with our ads is we want to scale them as far as possible so we want to be able to spend as much as possible and make money the more you can afford the span ads the faster your business grows so I got these people right here that bought this product let's see how much money they're worth to me over six months and wherever this is a $99 sale they're worth $180 to me okay you can see literally the extra money they bring in boom bam within ten weeks they're worth eighty three extra dollars to me within week 20 they're worth 121 dollars to me they're worth a hundred eighty extra dollars to me after the initial sale what what does that mean what does that mean for the entire business okay these are the people that come in on average of a person buys this they spend this much money with me how does this change my business if I know I'm gonna make a hundred eighty extra dollars over six months from I can spend a hundred and fifty dollars getting a ninety nine dollar sale getting that person my business because I know they're gonna come and spend a hundred eighty dollars how does that change your e-commerce business it changes everything it changes everything and really going in and I'm going to show you how simple this integration is here in a second integrating this and pulling all your data from your store literally in a second I can click the store and what it will do is pull all my sales and I'm going to show you this it will pull all my sales pull the entire data from my store and then show me the LTV of all my products what you're probably gonna see is a lot of procs that you have are actually making you way more money and you think you're going to see that you've sold a mug but those people that buy a mug on average are buying this this and this and you can build funnels around that which ties into our next our next system that's going on right here so you need to be able to go and automate sales based on your customers behaviors which is extremely easy now look market hero does abandon carts it actually bought plugs in the facebook Messenger there's so many other things I want to show you the things that are so different that we do is look you can go and tag someone based on what they buy so let's imagine they go and they bought this product alright so that the dollar sign is what happens when they get tagged with a product purchase this happens automatically in Shopify for you these products these tags are automatically generated so what I can do is as soon as this purchase is done I can go and send them an email offering them something else okay I can say okay cool they purchase this product what I want to do is I want to send this email to sending them something else and so what I can do is I can then go and then sort by tag okay so I'm gonna set it to wait three days and if they don't buy this product within three days what it's gonna do is it's gonna sell them another product okay so let's imagine they just bought let's say I have a Star Wars merch store alright so they just bought a shirt that says Luke Skywalker is the best so I can have an email automatically fire that sends them a Luke Skywalker painting or poster or hoodie or something like that now if they don't buy this let's imagine oh maybe they're sick of Luke Skywalker stuff what we want to do is we're gonna send them a Darth Vader mug right here so if they don't buy they're gonna go down the nose sequence so we're gonna do is we're to summon Darth Vader hoodie instead if they buy in another Luke Skywalker think man this person must really love Luke Skywalker what we can do is we can send him another email right here going and sending them another Luke Skywalker product okay and we can just we can literally just keep doing this over and over again so if they buy the hoodie I could have something like hey complete the collection get this thing and then what happens is if they don't buy this thing let's imagine they don't buy that I can go and sort them by their what they purchase so let's say source hunter right here is what they didn't purchase so what we can do as let's imagine they've gone through we just sold them another Luke Skywalker sure after they bought the first leg Skywalker shirt then we said okay complete the collection get the hoodie now if they buy the hoodie and we're all to Luke Skywalker stuff guess what we want to do now get them down to Darth Vader funnel say all right look you got all the Luke Skywalker stuff you could possibly get get the Darth Vader funnel now also right here if they don't complete the Luke Skywalker collection we can send another email saying hey what type what's your favorite character who do you want to see next and so then what we could do easily right here is we could go all right cool so this person go and they click Anakin Skywalker link all right so they don't like Luke Skywalker they want Anakin Skywalker so then what we can do is we can send them to an Innokin Skywalker t-shirt all right so cool they clicked it yes or let's imagine we said do you prefer Anakin Skywalker Darth Vader they say all right no I prefer Darth Vader boom we sent to the Darth Vader funnel we can literally do the same exact thing right here how much more money will we make from our single shirt sale insane amounts literally insane amounts it's bonkers how much more money won't make well how much money art so let's say right here this is initial Luke Skywalker t-shirt was 15 dollars they come through right here another 15 dollars to come through right here it's a hoodie now $25 then they go right here and they go when they select their favorite character then they get their favorite character an email select sent straight to them boom another $10 that one $15 sale just turned into like another $50 in sales that is 5x seeing the business and what we can then do is we can come in and say all right cool what are we gonna do look how can we go and actually see how much money these leads are making us now and so we can go in and say all right cool so since we put these improvements in let's see exactly actually dude in six months right here and I can go alright cool so this is exactly who I contract improvements so after 12 weeks on average the people that came in and bought the shirt are actually worth fifteen dollars to me now not just the five dollars that we originally did that changes everything now there's so many more other things we can do here we can automate based on tags there's the banning cart emails and stuff event I'll show you how easy it is to connect here in a second but the last thing I want to show you so finally here's the last thing you do the third lesson that you can use to literally triple your store insulin and I'll show you exactly how to connect all of this is so simple so look right here you can see there's a checkout this is just a demo checkout page right here and you can see this little send the messenger button and if you actually talk a face we can get it auto approved are you doing this on your store and if you are how are you automating it because I want to show you something very cool see look here's one literally from my merch store saying look when someone comes to checkout a hoodie it boom it sends them this message directly in facebook Messenger you see that you see how that works but here's the even cooler thing I can automate this based on what they do okay so check this out so someone I get the typical abandoned cart message what I can do is easily automate the Facebook automations as well just like I've showed you before so I'm going to set my Facebook page right here so what I can do is I can come down right here and I can do sort by tag and so what's gonna happen is if they haven't bought yet it's gonna let me know if they have bought yet it's gonna let me know if they haven't bought yet I'm gonna some a Facebook message right here I'm easily gonna drag this down and this is just gonna say hey are you sure this is expiring right now and if they do buy it what I can easily do is send them a message for another product right here so boom I can go and just double my sales and do a my abandoned carts via market hero via our Shopify integration via facebook Messenger that's so easy and by the way if there's another app on the market that does this it's $99 a month which is really expensive just to get your abandoned cards it doesn't do any of this and we can't even go on broadcast to them so I can literally go out here to my broadcast and I can send a facebook messenger broadcast all these people now warning you don't want to do this over 24 hours you want to send maybe to like a video or something instead teaching them something and selling it the end of the video that's the only thing Facebook will allow but just like that pal I can go and add that and then finally what I want to show you is just how simple this is to integrate again I kind of apologize cuz look this probably seems like a big old infomercial on market here but these three things I just showed you will triple your business if you go and calculate your LTV and run your ads based on that if you go and add upsells and down sells and automated funnels based on your customers behavior you will make more money and if you go and do your abandoned carts via facebook Messenger using our simple integration and then automate that based on what they do and send the broadcast you're going to increase your money more if each of those increases your business by 30% only which LTV alone could triple it you've gone and doubled your business which is the goal of this video and going and adding your store to market here oh it takes a literal seconds and you will have all the data I just talked about at your fingertips in seconds so look I'm gonna go right here I'm gonna grab my Shopify store so I'm gonna go copy and paste my store in there pal I'm not login alright cool so you can see my store has been configured is plugged in and so it's as simple as this so we're gonna turn on automatic tagging this is going to import all the customers in the market here oh great alright so all of them are been order to import it in so it's gonna automatically go and tag customers when they purchase it's gonna go in and sign them a tag when they purchase based on the product name so all that's done for us now it's also going to assign a value to them so we can track the LTV of the customer instantly now what I'm do is going to enable category integration then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna hit category synchronization so this is gonna sort things by category so I can do shirts mugs whatever and import all of our previous prog so this will take in my entire sales history so I can start looking at my customers right away now I'm gonna set this tag so I can easily see everybody that's come to my store so I'm just gonna do in this example right here let's just do a hero merch okay I'm gonna set that text anybody that comes through the store is gonna be tagged by that so I can easily look at my emails and everything like that I can select the template that I want sent to them for abandoned carts so I'm just guard here hit templates let's just use this one right here just a random email for right now hit next step and then boom import my previous customers pal import previous orders pal and done see how simple that was so then I can come over here to leads and I can easily see everybody that's buying for my store and I can see all right how much these people worth to me I'm gonna go right here and I'm hit generate LTV cool so on average these people were $23 to me a lifetime value so if I'm going out there and I'm getting a $10 sale and a $10 t-shirt boom I'm still making money right there and I can go right here over to finance I can look at the total sales in the entire store I'd look at the total sales that we got going on let's just do I don't know last year and boom I can see the exact sales so we can actually look at the sales that were going on right here from this one little mini storm we don't really do too much with the store so you can see the sales now I can also go over here and I can generate the LTV how much of these people worth to me long term so look at this right here I can see pal these people come back and actually send an extra 50 on average we'll come back and spend on average an extra 20 something extra bucks with me look this this is the one-month LTV right there I can get all this data within seconds of connecting to my store so sorry if this seemed like an infomercial for market here but there's literally there's no other way to do what I just showed you which is why below this video there's a link to a free trial and look since you've watched this I'm gonna give you a full-fledged Shopify course as well that we charge 997 for plus an email marketing course it goes and shows you how to do all the email marketing for your stores for example if we come right here you can see how to do all the email marketing for your stores and everything and all there is below is just a hundred percent free way to access this via free trial it's gonna give you the 8x Academy which is a 997 dollar course and it's gonna give you H comm light which is gonna show you exactly how to get started on Shopify how to start getting sales and you have a full-fledged Shopify email marketing course in here as well you can access all for free below via a special free trial to actually gives you a 50% discount on market hero as well from our main site the free trial takes you to $99 on this one it takes you to only $49 and by the way there's a huge cancel button inside of here under billing you can cancel at any time so you never get billed if you don't think this isn't absolutely insane but just very straightforward there is no other system on earth that does it with Shopify this is the best shop by email autoresponder and planet Earth and it's the only one actually this able to do anything I just showed you not there's nothing else even close to it so guys if you apply these three things this will go and double at least double your store if you do apply the LTV and the funnels and the stream taxes I just showed you there's a good chance you can 3x or 4x your store just by using these tactics remember all these brands I talked about okay Spectre for example we make a good chunk of money on the front end but we make most of our money on the back end the customers coming back and buying more and getting on reoccurring subscriptions same exact thing with biotrust and every other big ecommerce business online remember they are making their money back here that is what market hero so this has been Alex Becker again the free trial is below to pick up the course and get inside of this you get the thousand dollar at a tech Socata me and you get the full h come lite plus you get our email plus plus you get our Shopify email course all 100% free just for going and applying this in allowing market here to triple your Shopify store so that's been Alex Becker remember you've got three more emails left to open you open those ones we're gonna deliver that $600 marketing course that teaches you exactly YouTube ads Facebook Ads marketing all my tactics my copyright intact is everything delivered to you just for going watching his videos and getting a ton of marketing knowledge so this is how it's done this been Alex Becker and I'll see you in a next video expect that next email about 30 hours after the last one you received all right I'll see you then

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Built 3 Multi Million $$ Companies With Email
VIDEO ID: MLp3Fs2VmDM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLp3Fs2VmDM
================================================================================

hashtag coronation what is going on this is alex becker CEO of market hero and if you're seeing this is probably one of the first pieces of content you've ever gone from us so you're probably like what the heck is the hashtag here nation why is this guy screaming at me and why the heck is he congratulating me nothing great has happened yet let me let me sum up all this real quick for you but look first things first you're gonna exactly what's in the headline of this video it's gonna be massive content massive value I'm not going to be trying to sell you anything super hard in this video and just for your benefit I want to tell you what's going on right here so you're like what what the heck is happening whenever you get an email from us and also show you a way to get a course that people pay $600 for for free it's a huge ad traffic course actually just Giants like 20 hours of content so listen up why am i sending you this video why am i sending you these free teaching videos right now and the reason for that is this my name is alex becker on the CEO of market hero and my goal here is whenever you see my name or whenever you see market here you associate with massive value and getting helped up front with nothing asked in return and my logic there is i'm gonna send you a ton of red-hot content a ton of value helps you grow your business or start your business and my theory is that after we help you out eight ton a metric ton get you some more sales more customers help your business exponentially grow you can be like well maybe i'm gonna go try out their software maybe we're gonna try out some other courses that's my logic here so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ethically bribe you to take all the content and we're gonna be sending you the next week or two so what's gonna happen is when we send you about four more emails after the one you just received if you open all those emails inside of our system it's gonna track that it's gonna automatically deliver to you a course that people pay $600 for routinely and it's gonna send straight to you as a way of thanking you for taking in all the content and value that's already gonna help you out and though this isn't some launch funnel this isn't some launch chain I just want to get you involved with the hashtag hero nation deliver you some massive content blow you away with value so that you want to become a bigger part of our community that's literally it so to kick this up on top of giving you all the value in this video I also want to give you a course that people paid $197 for 100% for free below this video is a link to our Facebook group and in the description area of the Facebook group there's a link to $197 course called alex becker cutting that teaches insane amounts of sales tactics and facebook ad training that you can use in combination with what you're gonna see this video to actually get people to buy from you shows you step-by-step exactly what the same sales videos there's maybe tens of millions dollars online and to overcharge this with value what I'm gonna showing this video is step by step how I built my first multi-million dollar business I'm gonna show you step by step the funnels I use the exact emails I sent even the pages and ads that I used in that now even cooler if you're beginner what you're gonna see in this is how to take this and turn it into a $60,000 per your business in about 45 days if you already have a business this is gonna show you the five exit because what I'm gonna show you here literally 10x my business because it allowed me to buy unlimited amounts of paid traffic and what I was able to see is that every single lead that we got for about five dollars was worth about twenty eight dollars to us so we were able to go out there and you spend thousand two thousand bucks a day and make eight thousand to ten thousand back using the email tactics and I'm gonna show you inside of this and so if I overhyped this enough okay good good that was Mike that was my goal so what do you need to do right now be sure to go below and grab that free course in the facebook group after you watch this video ordering it it will open in a new tab so you won't lose this video and we're gonna get started right now alright guys so we're in my computer and listen up because this video is really good for three things first off is exactly how I've built three multi-million dollar businesses back to back to back now on top that if you're beginner you're starting off this is by far the easiest way to get start with a hundred percent free traffic and then build a $60,000 per year business by far the easiest okay you don't need invest anything and you can really use this with YouTube comments now finally if you're a veteran right here or you're a person wants to scale your business get to 100k to hundred K 500k a year this is exactly how you do it because it allows you to go out there and buy paid advertising in triple or six extra money like I'm gonna showing this video every single time it is lowly like you have a Bitcoin or investment where every single time you put five dollars in 30 dollars comes back out over six months and that's huge be and that's huge because that means you can start spending a ton of money on paid advertising in 5 X 6 X your money every single time with mathematical factual data like I will literally showing this video how I go out there and buy a lead for five dollars and know exactly over six moments it's gonna make me thirty dollars back it's very easy to become a millionaire doing that because all you do is buy more traffic but I'm gonna start from the very beginning and show you exactly how I built my first multi-million dollar businesses and then show you exactly how I connected this to ads with data that showed me that I cannot lose money on my ads so let's start this off so we're gonna be case studying my business source wave in this video and I got this business in it speak to a little bit over four million dollars a year getting close to five now that business right now mostly focuses on back private SEO outsourcing right now so you probably don't see it as much you probably see my main businesses market hero inspector way more and the way I've grown both of these businesses to multi-million dollar levels or specters on its way to doing so we launched it as I'm shooting this video about two weeks ago so we're already a little bit over six figures in sales but I'm doing the exact same thing you're gonna seen this video but this is how I took source way to that level so when I originally launched this business what I did is I was only using free traffic in fact for the first almost four years of my business three to four years I didn't buy any traffic and when I did it was too expensive because I would come down and buy paid traffic from Facebook ads and I noticed it was about five dollars per lead that's just like super expensive like if I went out and bought two hundred leads a day that's a thousand bucks a day that was insane to me because it's just like what am I getting for this five dollars and really gonna see out here this was the most profitable five dollars I could ever spend but I didn't know that yet because of this so what I would do is I'd mostly use forums to generate traffic I'd go in comment on people's posts I'd launch products and forums I'd launch services on forums and I start getting people's emails or I'd send them to an opt-in page that offered them something in return for their email so let me show you what this page looks like so you understand this entire process so if you look at this page right here obviously we're trying to attract SEO is because we're selling SEO software SEO services and SEO training so what the bait pages is basically offer them something in exchange for their email address in short we give them something in order to gain permission to email them marketing materials to gather their email address so what we're doing here is extremely ethical we don't want to be gathering people's emails that don't want to get emails from us in fact we want to really help these people out and so then what happens after they opt-in is they go and they get to a thank you video okay and so what would happen then let me pull up this one and this is a thank you being I'm and explain why I do this in a second but this video itself actually makes me a ton of money too I'll explain it here in a second though but what this is is I like to call this the 8x RTR funnel the reason why I call it RTR is this look if you've ever bought anything from anybody I can almost guarantee they had these three things they had your respect okay meaning that if you're watching this video right now and you believe that I'm an authority believe I know what I'm talking about you respect the information and words that are coming out of my mouth therefore you're going to trust them as well and what trust means is if I tell you something you're gonna believe it if you trust me to actually have your best interest you're gonna believe what's coming out of my mouth and then finally rapport is liking the business or the person you're speaking with okay look if you walk into anything if let's say I'm you're interested in anti-aging and you respect my knowledge you trust what I'm saying and trust that I have your best interest and you like me you're going to buy the product I'm selling with minimal selling now if you do not respect me you don't really like me and you don't trust me it is going to be nearly impossible for me to get you to buy anything okay I'm gonna have to be the world's greatest salesperson to get you to buy something but if you can achieve these things you can be borderline bad at selling and get people to buy a ton of stuff so what happens is the person would go through they get they'd offer this bait so I'd offer them a reward for their email address if they go to a thank-you page and on this thank-you page what I do is say hey my name is Alex Becker I'm the owner of source wave anytime you see my brand I want you to know that we have your back we're gonna help you first and actually what I'm doing over the next few days is I'm gonna send you a bunch of emails that are gonna teach you how to do your SEO better and we're gonna train you for free because we want you to know that source who has your back so whenever you see an email from us be sure to open it because you know it's pure training and value from us and the reason why we're doing this is our motto is if we help you a ton first eventually you're gonna want to come back and try our software in Prague so don't worry about a thing right now let's get the training and so then what would happen is I would go and they'd go to this training video where I train them on SEO for about 15 minutes and then at the end of the video what you see right here there's an offer for source university where they can get like a free trial or something like that so essentially what I do is I help people at a ton and then I just make a very subtle pitch for a product to learn more you see how easy it is I'm not even really selling that hard so then what would happen is every two days my emails would follow this exact pattern this is exactly how I would make money I'd send a person value emails which are represented by this V so this email right here teaches them something cool and at the end of each of these videos that actually still pitch our products source University or one of our software's or an affiliate products okay an affiliate product is a product where we get a 50% Commission if the person were if the person we send buys that so I'd send an email that helped them out I'd send an email that helped them out and then I send on the third email an email that pitches them something not hard but just like hey look I helped you on this subject in this subject so let's imagine right now we're talking about building links so this video right here is about building SEO links don't worry about what SEO links are just take the general purpose this video is about building SEO links and by the way here's a tool that builds SEO links and then I do the same exact thing to more value videos so let's imagine this one is about keyword research so this video teaches them how to find keywords this video teaches method by keywords while steadily pitching a keyword tool and in this final email right here pitches the keyword tool you see how that works so let's imagine these two emails right here teach them how to build links and in this product right here teaches them how to build links so that's exactly the pattern it would follow and here's the crazy thing this pattern goes on for about three months in the funnel and then there's normal emails and stuff that I'm sitting out on get to but what I realized is this here's the here's exactly how I became a multi multi-millionaire is that when people came through this funnel on average over about six months they were worth about twenty four dollars to me this means over six months let's imagine if I got a thousand people in through this email right here on average those thousand people would make me twenty four thousand dollars on average those people those thousand people would spend twenty four dollars with me a pop so if I made twenty four thousand dollars from a thousand people I'm making about twenty four dollars for email and I saw that I mathematically track that and what most people do and the reason why they can't run ads is they see this right here alright they see oh man I'm paying five dollars for lead but they don't track what's going on there so it just looks like a big negative loss but in reality what's going on is if you track everything that your customers are doing your emails are doing when you kill the people's emails you're gonna see oh my I'm making a lot of money so what I eventually did is I put a tracking system in place and it was a giant pain it's extremely difficult to do back to day I did I combined this system of Infusionsoft with improve Lee and all sorts of those stuff and still my numbers were not anywhere near accurate but it was it was around twenty four dollars I knew that from twenty to thirty bucks that works because what I then realized is in when I turn on facebook ads right here I could get SCO leads for about five bucks that's like the top I'd have to pay for it I keep going usually getting for about three to four but five bucks was the upper limit right there so what does that mean if I bring in an SCO leave from Facebook for $5.00 I make $25 back $24 so let's just round it up and say I'm 5 X seeing the 6x seeing my money sometimes I'd even get leads for three dollars so I'm a texting my money so that's why we call this the 8x email funnel back in a day so how did I become a multi-millionaire knowing that I'm 5x seeing my money all right I'm 5x saying every single dollar I put into this it's very simple if I want to go and make three thousand three thousand five hundred dollars a day all I need to do is spend about 650 dollars a day on ads because that's gonna get me enough leads and I'm 5x seeing my money because I notice I have mathematically proven this now this is extremely difficult to do in the past it's not anymore and let me show you exactly let me show you this literally in action right here so first up how do we actually go and build this funnel of emails and everything that gets sent out I'm gonna show you everything in detail here in a second so the way we do this is we can use market here oh and look I'm gonna spew straight with you I'm not gonna hard pitch you market here obviously you were on the market here a website right now you're getting training from market here oh but my goal right here is to help you out a ton okay I don't care if you buy our software right now or anything like that the reason why I'm showing you this in here is because there's literally no other system on earth that does this I literally had market Hero designed because there was no other system on planner if they can do this but let me show you this this welcome stream right here okay so this is an example of what it looks like and so you can see this one right here you can see exactly what I'm talking about right here so I can go in here's the optin alright so remember that opt-in I showed you we go right here we can go pick a template we can have a person opt-in right there and then we go and send their first welcome email okay boom here's an email welcoming you to the business and everything like that and we can go through and we can have it send emails every two days you say boom here's the first email here's the second email here's a pitch okay alright so here's another email than a pitch another email value email value email another value email than a pitch you can see this exact patterns actually built out in this funnel for me so that's all handled right there and the cool thing about this is this actually tracks the value but remember when I talked about how do we take this to pay traffic it's very simple so inside of market hero we can go and create products okay we can set a value to the product name we just put this on the Thank You page or actually if you're using Shopify or any other cart system this is automatically done for you so literally everything I talked about before is automatically done for you and here's where it gets really nasty so if I go right here and I go down to our finance board right here I can see this exact number like literally think about this if you knew for every five dollars you were spending you were making twenty four dollars back would you feel comfortable scaling your ads to a thousand two thousand dollars a day yes because you were literally it is little like investing in a stock that gets you a 6x ROI every single time but the thing is it's really hard to get this data in the past is you have to combine like ten different things so check this out then this date is a little bit off it's not gonna show the $24 LTV because I didn't have everything tracked and sorts away when I was doing this but it's gonna show you got a very good example of what I'm talking about here so I'm gonna go to LTV mode right here and I'm gonna set my data for nine months and see exactly how much every single lead that came in through source waved through this funnel is worth to me okay so check this out so in the first month they're worth about seven dollars to me so that means if I spending if I was spending five dollars per lead I'm making money in the first month now the second month they're worth ten dollars to me I've doubled my money by the second month that's a pretty good stock in my book third month eleven dollars fourth month fourteen dollars fifteen months seven fifteen and so even in this one where not everything is tracked I'm tripling my money on the leads that are coming into my business you see how that works and I can actually see the exact products they're buying exactly the BRIT makeup of what they're buying so then I can go back over to this funnel that I showed you and then optimize that I can say okay cool looks like people are really like this product and not this product so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go in in my second pitch email what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna sell this product differently I'm gonna sell a different product right here alright and so that's how that's gonna work and so that's exactly how it's done now let me kind of break down exactly how we go and get this traffic Ari this is a full-fledged training and the one thing I want to throw in is like look this video is probably gonna be about fifteen to twenty minutes if you hop in below there's actually a $49 per month free trial market hero if you go through our site it's $99 per month period okay this is like a special like one-time link right below did you only get because you attended one of our webinars and so what you're gonna get when you sign up as well as we're going to throw in the 8x Academy and this actually breaks down everything I'm doing in like insane detail now we charge 997 for this course if you hop in through the link below which is a special free trial link it's gonna activate this course in your account and give this to you automatically so it's gonna show you all the advertising stuff I'm doing all the YouTube ads exactly how I'm getting traffic action it's gonna show you step by step by step it actually it's gonna show you step by step by step how to get all the free traffic from the most relevant sources right now like forums YouTube and everything so you can get this all for free below but I want to keep teaching you I want you get massive valuing this video and I don't want a hard pitch anything to you so let's talk about exactly first up how to get traffic and how to make money if you already have a business you have a product that you can sell and you already know what you're gonna sell but if you don't have a product don't worry about that I'll show you what to sell here in a second I want to show you to get free traffic from these three traffic sources and our goal right here is to if you're beginner get a hundred people paying you 50 bucks a month I'm gonna show you exactly how we do that I'm going to show you to do that in about two months time only using free traffic okay so for the rest of this video if you're ever your business I assume you know what you're gonna sell I want to talk about a person who doesn't have a product when I really suggest you sell is a membership okay and what's really cool is on Facebook right now you could actually go and make paid membership groups so people can literally pay you via Facebook to be in your face of group and so what you want to sell let's imagine your niche is weight loss you're teaching people how they get a six-pack or something doesn't matter what it is just find something you can teach people how to do you can have a membership well people pay you $50 a month for your time okay and the reason why you want to sell your time is that's the most valuable thing you can sell so you can really guarantee someone's gonna pay 50 bucks a month that for example if you want to sit down with me for an hour lesson on a call it's gonna cost you probably five to ten thousand dollars because I hate doing that stuff however you can also get access to information and I'm selling via videos for forty seven dollars obviously your personal time is worth far more so most work out like let's say you're doing personal training or something most workout personal trainers are going to charge like two hundred dollars for a free consultation a Schnoor a private coaching or something like that you'd be the discount version online you see how it works this is not something that's scalable or something you want to scale to a million dollars a month or something like that nothing like that but this is something you need to build your first business now what we're gonna do is you're gonna see in this this series right here we're gonna follow that same exact process you're gonna have a bait that gives people bait to opt in something that helps them they're interested in we're gonna give them so Thank You VIN we're just gonna do this value value pitch value value pitch and the only thing we're gonna sell is this $50 per month membership that's it and what I would suggest doing is inside the Facebook group you can upload a ton of videos and training you can allow the people to PM you and you can allow the people to tag in the group and you answer questions and stuff like that basically you're just like a help coach it takes nothing to start it's 100% free to do and if you don't have any skill sets that people want to learn partner with someone you do the marketing they do the teaching and training very easy give them maybe twenty thirty percent of business and you just go from there so that's what we're gonna sell again if you just go down and click this button right here inside of market hero and again this is one hundred you can access us all for free now it breaks down how to create the product and everything like and again I'm gonna give you as much value as I can in this video it's just this video is getting close to 15 minutes now as I check it so it's gonna be hard for me to teach too much more in this video so you can literally go and see exactly what products that pick what to promote everything like that again for free below via the free trial for market here that allows you to do all the marketing stuff we're about to talk about so what we want to do is we want to go and get a hundred people on this ok so I want to I want to do some basic math if we can go and get a hundred people to opt-in think in your head right now is it reasonable that we could get five of these people onto your fifty dollar month coaching yeah that's very reasonable that's pretty damn low okay that's pretty dang low so if we need a thousand people a month to say yes this bait we can get fifty people a month to say yes to our our coaching program right here okay maybe even if it's thirty that's still fine it's still fine because what you're doing is you're selling something is just to steal the century like if you're doing personal coaching or training or weight loss private training you should be charging like two hundred bucks a month but you're giving them a deal of the century right here so we need to get a thousand people opted in every single month right here when you get a thousand people and so it's actually not that hard if you split it up between these three traffic sources if we can get just ten people day from YouTube ten people day from forums and ten people day from Facebook groups it's not too hard to get a thousand people to opt in every single month that that died like that literally map that's 30 30 30 that's about 900 so you want to get about the 33 people day but just round up with me because it's more simple if we do that so let's talk about how we get traffic from all these places all right so first off here's warm right here there's forums and every single niche there's where your target customer is hanging out and talking now if you look at these groups right here I got hundreds and thousands of people to opt-in to my list literally just by doing this so check this out first off you can link to your opt-in but I wouldn't do that what I would do is you go around forums and you help people out with their prams you be super helpful that beign that builds that respect trust and rapport naturally so people gonna be more inclined to opt-in to your opt-in and then what you want to do is if you look in the the signatures of people they're gonna usually have links to their business so all you do is you help people out I wouldn't and then occasionally link to your opt-in while helping people out and then have this link to it so every time you post and help someone there's literally an advertisement for your business what I would do is I would go and post about maybe thirty times a day on forum on these forums helping people out but end of the month if you're doing 30 posts a day that's 900 advertisements in front of your target customer all over these forms it's completely reasonable to expect just 10 people day will come through an opt-in you keep helping people you build up a reputation you'll have a lot more people opt-in next you can go join facebook groups so here's someone that I use as an example all the time so this is an acid reflux groupings go so so this is an acid reflux group so let's imagine we're like a healthy eating coach or something like that go join groups that have like fifty thousand hundred thousand members and just help people in the group that that's literally it help people for about a week if you go in and start just posting links to your opt-in you're getting it banned but go in and then just start helping people in the comments section and in every maybe fifth post we leave a link to your opt-in saying hey well this this free course that right here really helped me out or this free training right here really helped me out this bait right here really helped me out what's gonna happen is you're gonna have that link in front of every single person in the group so someone asks maybe like oh man I'm having a really bad acid reflux you go well there's a really specific diet strategy you can follow I'd have to like write a book right here to explain to you here's literally a book you can get for free on how to actually reverse this and you just link it right there boom you have bunches of people if you're like maybe five of these groups you have again tens of thousands fifties of thousands hundreds of thousand people that this in front of it's very reasonable to expect about ten people day to come through once you've interacted and built enough reputation in these groups finally on YouTube go and find youtubers that are in your niche when they post a video up what's gonna happen is you're gonna see thousands of comments if it's a popular video if it's a only getting this one only has like fifty eight thousand views so it doesn't have that many comments actually because it was also posted in my site but what you want to do is when you see people going and asking questions the person who makes the video I didn't respond to any of these it's gonna be the same across anything so you go and find people in your niche answer their questions and then leave a link to your opt-in that's it just help people in the comment section what's gonna happen is the tens of thousands of people usually flood a video when it first comes up are going to see the answers they're going to read them and they're gonna go through your comment you do this on 50 videos a day which takes about thirty minutes to do literally by the end of a month you have fifteen hundred videos with your link all over it and you and as I am and you answering questions it's very reasonable to expect fifty people they are it's very reasonable to expect at least ten people a day to go through to you can actually probably get like 50 people down YouTube and that gets those thousand people day in then what you do is you just keep sending these people down your funnel what's gonna happen is if you're using market hero specifically it's gonna track exactly how much they're buying and then tell you exactly how much they're worth over three months then what you do is you go on over the Facebook can you buy people for less than that value congratulations you are now making six figures maybe even seven figures if you just scale this up that's literally all I did that's literally all I did so this is the end of the first training video two things first off remember to open our next email so if you go and open our next four emails you're going to get a six hundred dollar course that teaches all sorts of stuff like this like free training on this how to build your first product YouTube ads Facebook advertising anything you could want to know and the reason why we're doing that is because I want to get to know you I want you to get to know market hero and what I'm all about and helping you first providing massive value now talk about providing massive value there is literally a link to market hero below it's gonna allow you to do all the things we talked about in this video calculate your ROI email your leads message your leads everything like that and you can access it for free for 14 days you can cancel anytime there's literally a big old cancel button here there's a big old cancel button so you can go and cancel at any time under billing you just go and cancel that easy if you don't like it and just as our free way of thanking you we're giving you access to the 8x Academy which we charge 997 for if you come through through an ad and this teaches you literally everything I just talked about and insane more details so you're gonna get the full training to teach you exactly how to utilize the system make your first product use this with Shopify and most importantly how to sell your membership you know that's that's really important you want to know how to sell that membership well here it is here it literally is so that's all for free below I will see you next video we're gonna be talking about how to do this with a shop buy store how to double an e-commerce store which is an amazing way to get started as a beginner to or an amazing business to grow as well so this but now expector I'll see in the next video oh and then top of that be sure just go below go below and join our free group right here there's $197 course in it it also teaches a little bit about email marketing as well go join our group we have over 58,000 people as I did this video talking about email marketing Shopify internet marketing all sorts of stuff it's a harm percent free to attend it's 100% free to join so there you go this man alex becker and this is an awkward pictures of me i did i pause this video on and i'll see you in the next video that will be sending probably in about 30 hours from the last email that you got all right seeing that one remember to open it so you get the 600 ollar course

================================================================================
TITLE: $8,000 A Day Facebook Ad Targeting Step By Step
VIDEO ID: RvKFN2xUMow
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvKFN2xUMow
================================================================================

what is up guys this is alex becker CEO of market hero do you guys like my cool title i have to say to every at the start of every videos you know i'm a really important guy but beyond this this video is important because i'm gonna show you the key to generating five thousand eight thousand ten thousand dollars a day on facebook ads I'm gonna take you inside of the account where we spend about two to three thousand dollars a day and make about five six eight some days on a really good day ten K back and the thing I want to stress on this video and the reason why I'm making this video is when a lot of people out market here I'll have huge interest in Facebook ads and with our new Facebook sinking feature that sinks your email list up with all your retargeting lists and everything on Facebook automatically I want to talk about this little bit a bit more so I see everybody who's trying to do this they over complicate and they miss how Facebook Ads are supposed to work Facebook ads are designed to do most of the heavy lifting in the targeting for you once you give Facebook a little bit of data and so what I'm gonna show you right here is this ad account where I'm spending two to three thousand dollars a day but what you're gonna see is so shockingly different than a lot of people's ad accounts you make far less a day from Facebook than we do and I want to stress that Facebook is one of many ad platforms we use it only represents about twenty percent of our traffic that being said a lot of people are making far less than us have extremely complicated Facebook ads set ups their their keyword I'm gonna use the word keyword an interest and unchangeably because I work more most an hours but the target they do is is so all over the place so finely tuned and you really don't want to do that what you want to do is give Facebook a little bit of data and then give them a big ass net and then that's going to allow you to go out there and get tremendous results so what you're gonna see in this ad account is it's almost it's only five or six ad sets we're the very basic targeting and I'm gonna show you the target behind that and how I use that targeting to get leads at a huge discount very cheap leads and you need to understand Facebook's scaling limits and everything that i'ma break down this video but more importantly I mentally go out there and spend two three thousand dollars a day get hundreds and hundreds of leads in and make a five six eight sometimes 10k day return and that's why I may be breaking down this video that's what I'm gonna be doing and if you really like this video you should be sure to open more of our emails and you should definitely buy market hero go check out the free trial it's amazing below so let's get into this content all right boys and girls we are now inside my computer it's a very cool place there are there's free drinks there's chimpanzees juggling fire and there's even cookie so you're watching this from a video so you can't see all this so just just take my word on it so oh I know you're really excited about the cookies now I didn't mean to distract you but what we're gonna get into right now that is worth your attention because I'm gonna be showing you really the nuances of Facebook advertising and like I talked about in the intro and I'm not gonna I'm not gonna try and repeat myself too much here but a lot of Facebook advertising can be done without targeting a single key word slash interest okay and we use the word key word an interest interchangeably because you need to understand that 80 percent of my traffic comes from Adwords and other platforms Facebook is just one of many things I use but I want to show you since this is what most people get started on and the thing I want to point out first is we're inside this ad account right here and you can see this ad account easily is spending about two thousand dollars a day and I want to break down one thing not none of my interest is or and none of my groups right here the only one is really targeting keywords is this bad boy right here and this isn't even like our major one you can see I really didn't run too much going on right here and so if we actually go and like look at this campaign sir this one right here is targeting just basic basic interest basic keywords and stuff like that but what you're gonna see in a lot of my other groups is it's literally not even just carbon copied a similar audience so if you actually go and look at this audience right here and this is where I'm really be talking about the day's similar audiences and retargeting because this is where the real magic is at because you can see what I'm doing is is this is just a look-alike audience and you can see I'm getting tons of registrations at a great Cpl right here and that's it and so what I'm gonna break down here isn't super advanced Facebook advertising because honestly this account right here a two thousand bucks a day usually makes me about six to eight thousand dollars a day back so that that's great that's great by most people's standards and I want to distress it you don't really need to be doing anything crazy to get to eight to 10 K a day earned on Facebook ads you don't have to be doing something crazy or finding some loophole you can just literally use similar audiences and stacked targeting so that's what I want to get into so before we do this though I to break down kind of a revolution and how I viewed ads and really think that makes a little difference so you're viewing this on the market your website right now so I'm assuming that you have an email list so there you have three types of audiences that I'm just gonna listen this video that you can reach and make a significant ROI on and just immediately and blow up your business all right so you have your email list which you can reach for free you have your visitors that come to your website and then you have these people via retargeting so what does this mean the two people that are going to be most likely to buy something from you and the easiest to engage with are going to be people that are on your email list or people that visit your website the end but the thing is if we want to reach people on our email list we can only do so often do it so often with emails you need to understand that that's the one downfall of emails if I send my email lists the same exact after every single day for 30 days it's gonna lead to massive disengagement the same exact thing and problem with visitors is you really only have one shot at them and you can't market to them too much and the thing is most people do not really reuse retargeting for their email lists and their visits the way they should what a lot of people do is they think oh I'm gonna run an ad or something but I want to get new customers and what you need to understand is if you start trading retargeting like an email list where you scratched out the offers you change up the offers you you hit them with something new every single week it's one of the easiest ways to blow up your business now what we can also then do to acquire new customers is we create lists of people that are very similar to our retargeting of our email and visits and then we use various types of interests tacking or just heck the audience to go out there and do that now one thing I also want to stress is the more the more registrations the more conversions that your Facebook pixel records the more powerful it gets so let's imagine you have a pixel in its day one and what you want to do is you want to start targeting people on your email list you want to start targeting your visitors immediately because what's gonna do is it's gonna build up your pixel and kind of give them a screen shot of who your perfect customer is once you have about a thousand the two thousand let's just say conversions people opting onto your email is opting into your your webinars opting into your optin this pixel is gonna be very very very useful it's gonna allow you to go out there and do that kind of stuff so what you want to do first off when we're doing face week I'm gonna break down in the ad account how they actually do these things it's first off you want to upload your email list you want to upload our place retargeting pixel on your website and you want to start running opt-in ads to those customers why do you want to do it so you can follow up with them after they opt-in and do the funnels now here's the cool thing about market here first off every single person that joins your email list is automatically added to your Facebook audiences okay so you can actually very effectively market to people that are on your email is just by syncing it with market here and we have a Facebook sink inside there if you want to go check that out there's a free trial to market here a blow among all the other things it does like tracking your LTV tracking your conversion tracking all the things that you need to actually run Facebook Ads effectively those numbers are pretty much not not up for debate you need to have your LTV and you know how it's your your emails are making you but if we sink this from market hero what's gonna do is it's gonna automatically update the email list for us and then the visits are gonna automatically be updated for us as well and so we want to start running opt-in as to these people and a really good example of a great opt-in that you can run it for is for webinars or for a free book offer or something to get some opt-in then they're sold to after that and these people are gonna be very cheap to get the up in and their conversions gonna be very high so what this allows you to do right here is just add another facet of your business where you're selling if you have an email list of 80,000 people I guarantee you're only really reaching about 40,000 people on that email list just because you know not everybody's gonna be open their emails so the way you reach that other 40,000 is you hit them up on Facebook you hit them up on Adwords so you hit the visitors on your website and more importantly what we want to do is if a person visits your website we want that email we need that email so what you need to do is you need to be hitting them up with an opt-in immediately after they visit your website so you can start building up your email list and what's gonna happen is your pixel is going to start tracking all this and it's gonna allow your pixel to become very hyperactive a very hyper targeted allow you to always you could just literally target just a big broad audience and you can still get conversions at a good rate because the pixel knows who to look for so once we have this in place guys what we want to do is we want to create three types of audiences okay we want to create these basic similar audiences we want to create similar to visit audiences all right so we want to have similar to our email list and similar to visits those are two types of audience and we want to do similar stacked audiences and this right here is more than enough depending on your business to spend up to two thousand three thousand five thousand a day depending on how large your niche is okay I work in a pretty small niche which is internet marketing which you might think is really huge but compared to something like weight loss or skincare or just general niches out there it's it's a little tiny niche so let me show you how we do that so in this video I'm not gonna get into uploading your email list that can actually be automatically synced to be a market hero I'm not gonna get into adding a retargeting pixel to your website I'm not gonna get into creating similar audiences those are all things that can be easily solved just by watching a simple tutorial video and I don't want to waste your time doing that if you need help doing that I've went to some tutorial videos below this video on the block what I want to talk about is simply making the audiences to convert because if you know this right here you're gonna do pretty well so what we want to do is you want to go and when you crane your ad focus on conversions now there's all sorts of creative cool things you can do with all these options but again I'm trying to keep this simple because again it you don't need to be worrying about complicated stuff until you're making 5,000 10,000 bucks a day off your ads that's just that's just how it is you don't need to do complicated stuff to make large amount of monies on Facebook you large modem who knows you just don't need to at least not from what I'm doing and I'm working in a very competitive niche so I'm gonna just do name this you know demo and what we're gonna do for conversions is I'm gonna set the conversion up to our complete registration pixels you can see anybody that opsin triggers his conversion and face we're kind of records who they are what they're doing and everything like that so that's fine great this is what we want the pixel to do so the pixel we already have a first layer of targeting just using this pixel right here now the next thing you want to do is you want to target our similar audiences okay so the first step of audience we want to create is just simply look-alike a to our email list that's it okay we can create an ad just doing this we create the ad we go and pump it out we start with that right away that's one audience right there that we can scale to a lot of money every single day it's over it's over 3.4 million people now one thing you wanted to uncheck is you this depends on you you either want to check or uncheck this so to expand interest this is an easy way to keep it going past the 3.4 million people you can expand it right here on Facebook go find people using your pixel on this layer you need to understand it right here this looks like very little targeting but we have one layer of targeting right here we have another layer of targeting right here and we can even close this off right here I like to keep it expanding because they will go and find new customers and stuff now the next targeting what you want to do that can't scale quite as far as you want to do a 2% look-alike of our email list and visitors okay so we want to create items for both these this is really big and really broad and so the way we double down on this is we want to go in let's say I want to target everybody that let's say i'm i'm in the marking so let's just do anybody that likes MailChimp okay so if I want to find perfect people that are good for my autoresponder anybody that also likes MailChimp so they have to follow the kind of hole in the profile the complete registration they have to look like the look-alike and they also have to like MailChimp now if you really want to narrow this down you're looking at a cheap budget you can super do it so I'm going to say anybody that likes MailChimp and Mike Dillard since he's an authority kind of on email marketing so this layers it down so I have a potential reach of 15,000 people so if I'm looking only to spend about a hundred bucks a day this is an amazing audience right here because it's hyper hyper hyper targeted now the next type of audience and so what we can then do is we're gonna make several of these types of audience so I can do everybody likes MailChimp and likes Frank Kern okay and I can I can create tons of these little audiences and put out 25 to 50 bucks a day into that so that is how you go out there and target that now one thing to understand is I usually don't even go down to that narrow targeting I'll just add a few people in here like alright so they have to look alike my audience and then they have to like like let's just type in Russell Brunson so weird it doesn't show up when we do it all right so they have to like get response Infusionsoft one of these things right here okay so that gives me a big ol list of people to go after and make a 25 $200 a day audience now the thing you want to understand Facebook Ads is the way to really scale it is once you get to a certain point what ads they're not gonna scale anymore for example this audience right here if I if I try and spend $500 a day on the sidings it doesn't scale and what that means is it's kind of like you built an engine they can only go 30 miles per hour and once you try and start making a go 5060 miles per hour it starts to break down you need to be aware of this and so when you're gonna be looking at your ads as these audiences scale and scale you know depending on the size of the people it's gonna stop and you want to create more audiences so if I get to let's just say with this audience right here if I get to $50 a day and the CPL styling is good but if I bump it up to 100 bucks a day in the Cpl goes to crap what I want to do is lower it back down to 50 bucks a day and make another audience it looks like I don't know maybe people that like names are my competitors so I'm gonna type in that's just to you know Frank Kern and we'll just do all sorts of other marketers and stuff that pop up right here so you can I can do you know Tony Robin and these triple layers are dead so I view this the way to scale is you create more audiences and more target you don't try and scale one audience to 5000 bucks a day that's just not how it works it bottoms out eventually now finally the last tip I want to give you is you want to have a retargeting pixel on your opt-in page and so what you want to do is you got to understand the goal of when you're running ads is to get people in this cheap please possum the people are gonna be able to get in and cheaply as possible people that have already clicked your ad and showed interest and so what you can do is you can also create an audience that targets people that abuse your opt-in and what you want to do is we target them with another ad saying hey look I know I saw you clicked on this I know you're interested but you didn't opt-in so let me throw in a book let me throw in a goodie let me throw on something that gets you over the edge and so you need and you target those people and so that's gonna get you another audience so every single ad you're running let's imagine you reach 20,000 people day you know 3,000 of them opted in those 17,000 other people are still interested people on the fence and that's how you can go out there and completely overhaul and this really works in any niche if you're doing e-commerce if you're doing internet marketing if you're doing any any type of direct marketing type niche out there this is how you do it and the only difference didn't switch between us if you're doing e-commerce is you're simply using the purchases or add to carts you can use add to carts or purchases to create your kind of pixel right here and there you go so I would ask you all with add the carts because then you can get a little bit bigger of an audience and get more data for to look like that's is to it another thing to do with your Shopify store upload your email lists upload your visitors if a person visits your site that means they're pretty interested you want to retarget the heck out of those people so these are some really quick tips on how to create really effective Facebook audiences they can get you the five to eight thousand ten thousand dollars a day ROI once you get to that you might need to get a little bit more creative or you might just need to do more of the same for example if I was in the skincare niche or something right now I could use these these audience that go super broad I could create audiences of three five million people and then use my pixel plus some interest retargeting to go out there and really really nail that down so you need to understand this is such a weapon and bigger niches and so this is all there is today and one thing I want to break down is market hero automatically syncs your email list to Facebook it goes and um builds these audiences for you it also tracks the ROI you're getting from every single email that comes in and so you're able to see ok cool yesterday I got 50 emails I spent two hundred fifty dollars getting those emails but I made three hundred twenty dollars back and over time I make about a thousand dollars back from those fifty you knows market here allows you to see those things and so what I encourage you to do right now is click below this video whether you're using Shopify or whether you're just doing general email marketing and watch the videos on market here on see what it can do for your Facebook advertising because we've designed this literally to be the Facebook AdWords advertising best platform for paid advertisers and for Shopify users so go and check it out there's a hundred percent free trial below they also gives you a 100% free course on whether it is advertising or Shopify whatever you're looking for so this has been becker ii you create those ii you create those free trials those courses will actually be delivered to your email and that's all i got on this video check back next Sunday for some more market hero value Sunday content till then take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: Instantly Improve Shopify Stores Sales By 30-50% (3 Easy Steps)
VIDEO ID: KSNirY_oOS8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSNirY_oOS8
================================================================================

[Music] hashtag urination what is going on this is Alex Becker CEO of this whole market hero thing and today I'm going to show you three simple tactics you can use to increase any Shopify store actually any online business by 30 to 50 percent now before we get going I know this whole shooting setup isn't exactly professional but our studio is not set up yet but I just wanted to kind of drop by and say hi before we hop into my computer over here and get in the content I also want to show you the new market hero phone cases they're pretty cool they increase your signal strength by like 20% - but besides that what is up guys if I'm in my computer right now and let's get into this tactic all right guys we're inside my computer and we're looking at the whiteboard of truth and justice and I'm just gonna get right to it I'm gonna show you the instantly increase your Shopify revenue and this video is gonna be very quick because what I'm gonna show you here isn't complicated then when you apply this to your store it's gonna take you probably about a minute two minutes to actually apply but this is going to overnight increase your sales by thirty to fifty percent so there's four things we can do and I've I've arranged these all out right here on how we can go out there and really kill it so here's the first thing you do and it's it's the easiest of course but this is what most Shopify sellers are doing they're they're running a Facebook ad okay and then we're gonna send this Facebook ad to our store and from the store someone's gonna pay us ten bucks okay so this looks pretty good especially if we're only paying five bucks to get that $10 sales it's a two xry this is fantastic it's actually not because most Shopify sellers are only sending one or two emails a month if that okay we've worked with a lot a lot of stores and about 85% of stores are not sending any emails and in fact there's only about probably 5% stores that are doing their email marketing correctly but this is the first thing you need to remedy this so this person comes through you have their email address you know they would like to stuff and your store they're gonna buy it so what do you do you maybe send them some content and information to make them like your store a little bit more let's imagine they come here and they buy a t-shirt that says hey I like camping we cinema maybe a video on something that teaches them about camping and then maybe the week after that we send them right back to our store to buy maybe a ten dollar flashlight or something like that just simple situation right here has increased our ROI from our ad from just five dollars to fifteen dollars now if we can go again send some more content to them and then send them to another $10 offer and I'm just really dumbing this down of course not all of our offers gonna be ten bucks but what have we done right here we've got to turn us into $25 ROI and so instead of going out there and just getting a 1 X are 100 percent ROI we've gone out there and nearly tripled quadrupled the ROI we're getting so let me show you how to do this inside of your store so I'm gonna do this with our official market hero and alex becker emerge store and show you how i'm actually going to improve sales from my Shopify store doing this so right now we're looking at my store right here we're inside the dashboard and what I've done is I've already connected this store to market here own so what I want to do first off is I want to go and make it so that anybody who checks out for my store automatically has products attached to them so what I'm gonna do is I'm going to turn on automatic sales tagging and so whenever somebody checks out it's gonna sign a tag to them in market hero so I can separate people by what they've bought and what they haven't bought and actually calculate their value to me but more importantly we just want to hit this option first and the next thing I'm going to do is hit import previous customers so what this is gonna do is it's gonna download every single customer in my store that is bought in the past now what I also want to do is I want to import previous products and then I want to import previous orders now more on why I did those other features here in a second but what I can now do is I can go into my app and here's the really cool thing you can see I've actually gone and download every single person that's bought something from my store but I can see exactly who's bought something and more importantly what I can do right now so first things first I want to see exactly what store they came from when I'm doing this so I'm just gonna tag them hero merch so I know exactly where they came from but now what I can do is I can come on over to my broadcast tab and automatically go out there and email every single person's came to my store so let's imagine every week every Monday I just send them a weekly discount or something like that doing that alone will instantly increase my sales 10 to 15 percent overnight just a simple tactic but here's where things start to get really fun so the next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna go down and we're gonna do segment and mailing so we want to see who's bought what and sell them what they haven't bought so let's imagine I have two t-shirts at my hero merch store okay so I got t-shirt number one and I got t-shirt number two now obviously what I want to have happen when a person comes to and buys t-shirt number one I don't just want them to just go away forever what I want to do is I want to then sell them t-shirt number two because they're probably interested in buying something else and people that buy t-shirt number two I want to sell them t-shirt number one just doing this let's imagine we have a Facebook ad right here and someone comes and buys a product from us cost us again $10 we profit or $10 we generate in revenue and it costs us $5 to get them there so we just made 5 bucks but an easy way to make another 10 bucks is to then say hey you like this shirt maybe you want to buy this shirt and boom we just made another $10 so how we do that that is so so cool inside of this is we're gonna go over to our lead section and what you can see is I can see exactly what people have bought ok I can see exactly how much they bought of it everything they bought everything like theirs so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go and take this tag and I'm gonna bring it on over to our broadcast tab I'm gonna go and select everybody that has this tag you can see boom right there there's that one guy but doesn't have let's just say this t-shirt I'm just gonna select a random one let's just do Hero iPhone ok let's say they haven't bought the iPhone case yet so they just bought the hoodie they have about the iPhone yet so I'm going to remove anybody that has this but hasn't bought this so right there what this is gonna show normally because I haven't sold enough iPhone coverage from my store yet I kind of suck at it but let's imagine right here I have 200 people that have bought this and I have 20 people that have bought this it's gonna remove those 20 and I can send them a message now saying hey you just picked up the hoodie why don't you get the phone case to go with it boom segment and targeted mailing that allows me to segment my customers and sell them what they haven't already bought so that alone right there will again increase our sales by another 10 to 15 percent just doing that because you're getting people that haven't bought something to buy something else now the easiest thing we can do again is if a person comes from our store from a Facebook ad and then they come to our cart and I'm just gonna make a really ugly cart symbol right there that says this is just gonna be our cart they come to our cart and they don't check out they just abandon the cart so they just go somewhere else so what we want to have happen so we then do is we can come back to our Shopify integration market here oh and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna set it so that if they come in and don't do this so and set minutes that I want the cart abandonment to work I'm gonna so if they don't check out within 10 minutes of starting check out what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send them a specific email and so I can select a Bandhan cart draft email that I will send them and so when they go and do this an email will be symptom say hey dude you didn't quite check out you know maybe maybe you want to follow up maybe you want to come back and check this out this is the easiest easiest way for us to go and recapture these people and this is just a incident way to increase our sales by an easy 5% easy you just follow up and say hey dude you didn't check out maybe you want to finish your check out now the next thing I want to show you is very cool and then I'm gonna get into something very advanced it allows you to just dominate with advertising but the next coolest thing is up cells and down cells so what we can do right here is inside the app you can have a tag applied whenever a person starts to check out so if the tag hero merch is applied what's gonna happen when they start check out or do anything in my store the second I get their email the tag hero merch is gonna be applied now what we can do is we can go and create a upsell stream so what's gonna happen is I'm gonna create a stream right here and whenever two tag market hero is applied from Shopify what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have it removed from all streams I'm gonna go hero merch they wouldn't want to have happen is I'm gonna have it wait one hour okay I'm gonna have it wait one hour now what it's gonna do after a person checks out is it's gonna follow up with them and upsell them something so let's imagine we know our most popular product is our hoodie so what it's gonna do is it's gonna send out an email now what this email is gonna do is it's gonna send them and I'm not gonna write the hell entire email right here but I just could create a new template right out my email what this email is gonna do is it's gonna sell them our hero hoodie I have to wait 24 hours at least wait one day now what it's gonna do at this point in time is it's gonna wait and see if the person bought the hoodie or not so we're gonna do a sort by tag and if they go through right here and they have bought the hoodie okay if they have bought the hoodie I'm just gonna put in hero hoodie black there we go and what its gonna do is it's gonna see if they bought it or not so let's do this if they do buy the hoodie we're gonna send them to an upsell and we're gonna sell them the iPhone case see how that works now if they don't buy the hoodie what we're gonna do is we're gonna send them a down so we're gonna send maybe a coupon for 20% off of the hoodie now we can endlessly and infinitily do this we could actually just keep doing the down so over and over again if the person still doesn't buy we can have it wait another day and I'm not gonna fill out these ones cuz you kind of get the gist I can have it sort by tag again to see if they bought it now if they do finally buy it then we can send them directly to our upsell boom we can send up to the up so again if not we can send me even better discount like hey we'll give you 50% off but you have to act now then on the discount we can do the same exact thing we can have it wait one day and and if it doesn't go if we don't go and sell that iPhone case what can we then do we can upsell them again so we can sort by tag okay and so if they do have it let's just say if they've bought by now we're just gonna stop selling to them so if they do buy it we're just gonna go to stop if they don't buy we sit in one last email giving them a discount on that iPhone case this right here is humongous when I was skinning my star in internet marketing the easiest way to increase how much money you made from a product launch was just adding an upsell this is adding an upsell and then down sells this completes a trifecta and this right here will easily add another 10% to what's going on in your store now finally what I want to show you is a secret thing I wasn't playing the show in this video but it's called L T V and this is what it means so what I can easily see now that I pulled all my sales data and all my customers in the market here is I can easily see all right I want to see everybody that is coming from my store hero merch all right well we got 25 people now I want to calculate exactly how much they're worth to me on average every single one these people is worth 11 dollars and 59 cents to me but what I'm gonna see over the next few months is I sent email sim these people are gonna keep coming back to my store what's gonna happen is they're gonna keep buying more and more and I'm gonna suddenly see dude when a person comes to my store and begins checkout on average they come back and buy more products and so I'm gonna gradually see this number go up and up and so let me put out a scenario to you let's imagine right now we're on Facebook and we're selling a ten dollar t-shirt in order to make this product even work we need at least at least get someone there for five bucks we need to make we need to spend five dollars to get a ten dollar sale now let's imagine this our competition gets really fierce and the only way we need a ten dollar sale is by spending ten dollars but let's imagine these people then come back and we're able to track everything we're buying we're saying WOW every single person that bought for example let's just do this one right here let's just do this tag for this this t-shirt right here so we have one person let's imagine this person right here it costs if they're LTV for me right now is $56 so I go right here hit generate LTV this person is only one person who's bought something so far so they're worth $56 to me but then let's imagine this person comes back and buys another t-shirt and buys another t-shirt I'm gonna go WOW for every 50 six dollar sale this person on average comes back and spends twenty more dollars on my store so if we apply this right here and we say okay so we just made a $10 t-shirt but I know every person with a ten dollar purchase on average comes back and spends about twenty dollars more with me what does this do our competition has to stop their ads but we don't have to because if we spend ten dollars to make a ten dollar sale we know on average this person is going to come back and spend another 20 bucks with us so what can we do we can outbid our competitors and still stay profitable even when all of our competitors go oh man it's too expensive now to get a sale we can go no it's not every person comes back to the store and over time spends 20 bucks with me in the next two months and in the next six months spends 40 bucks with me and this changes how we do everything because every big brand online usually breaks even on their ads most big brands spend ten dollars to make ten dollars but then what happens is they email their customers afterwards and they keep sending them and they make another ten dollars and then they keep yelling again make another ten dollars they make another ten dollars and they know this and so they know on average for every ten dollar customer they acquire that person on average is gonna spend 40 bucks with them and this changes the entire game and everything I just showed you takes a few clicks to do inside of market here oh that's it that's how easy this can be that's how simple this can be and so that's all I wanted to do for you guys today I wanted to give you this training and show you four methods actually five methods right now that you can use to increase your sales automatically now I'm not gonna do a hard pitch here to you guys I'm not here to do that but what we've done for you guys is I've gone and created a 100% free Shopify course that breaks down how to do each of these methods and way more detail okay and if you click the link somewhere around this video if you click the link it will take you to a page where all you have to do is simply sign up for a free trial market here this is 100% free you can cancel at any time you are not gonna have to spend a dime and what you can do is you can go through this course and add these tactics to your store and you can see the results and then once you see the results if you like them you know maybe keep market here I'll keep the course if you just want to get the course and get the course and cancel market here I don't care what you do I just want to give you guys some awesome value in this video so this has been Alex Becker CEO of market hero and overall pretty neat guy and I really hope you enjoy this video and this right here I just want to really stress whether sign up for market here or not whether you check it out you need to understand we're working with stores that are doing 500,000 a million a month and applying these tactics adds instantly an extra 20 to 30 percent in revenue that's 200,000 300,000 months we apply this to a store that's making fifty thousand a month it increases it to a $70,000 per month store and you don't have to spend any more money on advertising you don't to do anything else I am begging you whether you hop on this or not apply this to your store and start emailing because the number one way to make more money from your business and the easiest customers to get to spend more are the customers you already have so it's been Becker I'll catch ya on the flipside amigo pal buddy okay I mean I don't have an awkward non awkward way to end this video so I'm just gonna end it right now

================================================================================
TITLE: 2017 02 17 14 11 30 Rankings In 24 Hours Webby
VIDEO ID: 4dt31BcM9a4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dt31BcM9a4
================================================================================

all right guys welcome to uh it's Friday 2:11 some guy was like just ask me like hey Becker is this live because I I don't know guys don't ask me if this webinar is live I will boot you from the webinar I this is this is 100% live I'm gonna make so many mistakes it's gonna be the worst webinar you ever attended you don't even have to ask just kidding but anyways guys what's going on this is Becker and welcome to the too fast webinar where we're going to be doing some really fast crazy rankings I actually have them all pulled up right here now on top of that guys if you stay the end I'm going to be giving you a list of the 25 best SEO Freelancers on conquer you also get free access to a rank tracking software that we have for one month so you get some cool bonuses on top of this and guys we're about to actually pack out the room so if you do leave you're probably not going to get your spot back and that blueberry smoothie is making me burp so you can totally see this is gonna live this is totally live because I'm gonna like burp like five times but guys I like to start every webinar by telling every single person in the webinar and I don't know why this slide is right here Greg is not on this webinar but I have to tell everybody here look if you follow one of these categories you might have to just leave the webinar because you're taking someone else's seat if you're a skeptical don't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tire kicker if everything I tell you in this webinar you're not going to go out there and apply this webinar is not going to benefit you and you're just basically wasting my time and your time being here so just leave if your mind is locked in some unchangeable SEO Theory and you're going to question every live ranking and all the proof I showing this webinar you're a dick just get out like don't be one of those people I don't have time for you you don't even have time for this go do something that benefits your life and if you're on Facebook right now you're in some political debate you're watching cat videos you're on your cell phone you're watching some adult website get out of here because we just capped out 500 people and we could use the space so if you don't this isn't for you just go go it's no hard feelings because what we're going to be getting into today is something that a lot of people want to see because we're going to show you how to rank sites for terms in as little as 30 minutes now what we're also going to show you to do is how to make and monetize these terms with super high payout methods we're basically going to show you to make a network of these types of terms that generates a full-time income passively now before we get into this guys I don't like using using the word p the word passive income it's a real Buzz word for me because a lot of people get into internet marketing seeking a way not to work if you're trying to start a business and your goal is not to work it's kind of an oxymoron it doesn't work out I'm going to show you guys a way to kill it if you bust your butt in this webinar it's extremely easy to do that can bring you in passive income that being said I don't support that type of mindset you need to be going after and when you see this webinar you shouldn't be thinking I can sit around and play World of Warcraft all day should be thinking I'm going to go kill the world this helps me a very quick into to Theo webinar we're going to be in and out about 30 minutes because you have stuff to do I have stuff to do so and what you're going to see in this webinar is going to be very cool and in fact what you're going to see is and what you're going to know how to do is you're going to know how to rank sites in the next two days you're going to know to rank about 30 sites first page in the next two days and exactly how to monetize them you're going to know how to make 60,000 a deer off of the easiest terms on planet Earth through anybody in this inire Bernar regardless of where you are and your SEO skills can go out there and rank for these terms on top of that you're going to see and know to be you're going to know how to go out there and rank for hundreds of terms in any day you choose okay and that that sentence right there doesn't you'll be able to rank for hundreds of these terms a day okay let me back up we're actually going to show you in this webinar how you can go out there and rank for hundreds of these terms in a day if you choose and I'm actually going to show you a way to blow clients Minds with this and make it much more likely that they sign on and work with you you're also going to know how to sell the traffic from these terms for as much as $400 per lead and I'm going to show you a tactic that almost guarantees clients join you and allows you to get them really fast results and actually get them business and more people coming in to justify the amount you charge your clients every single month and I'm also going to show you to automate the entire process now how many people here I have a question for you if you simply had ano tactic that worked and was rinse and repeat and you could just do over and over and over again give me one if you think you could probably scale that the fulltime if every time you did this tactic it added $60 a month to your income give me one if you think you could probably scale that to $5,000 a month just Brute Force just sit at your computer for five hours straight there you go everybody should be hitting one that's actually most people people's dream a lot of people get into internet marketing it's not that they're afraid to work it's just stuff they're doing isn't rinse or repeat it's not something you can scale it's not something you can grow it's just wishy-washy and all over the place but guys we just agreed right here like let's say you really had a tactic that every day you do this it adds around $60 a month to your income could you patiently do this and scale this to $6,000 a month that would take you about a 100 days at this pace the scale to that level and I think everybody here could do that and the goal of this webinar is to give you just that it's going to show you exactly how to go out there and give you a rinse and repeat tactic that is easy to monetize and you can go out there and use over and over and over again now guys what I like to do in every single SEO webinar there's a lot of people I'm sure have been into events watch some Blog watch some guy actually just watched some video this was not Ty Lopez I like Ty a lot but there some I watched some video of some guy on YouTube he's waking up in some giant mansion talking about how great his SEO rankings are he didn't show a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ranking he didn't show a single ranking they can't be that great but give me next if you've ever experienced that and it's just like that that drives me nuts that drives me bonkers guys I'm going to go through all these rankings I just talked about in the email but what I want to show you and you guys have seen give me one if you've already seen all the rankings Greg has you know we ranked number one for New York SEO you know we rank number one for all these competitive terms we show them every single webinar look if you've never been to one of our webinars before go attend one next week or what we saw in the replay before uh because it breaks down like 20 different competitive terms you rank for and if you want me to I'll even go over those at the end of the webinar we don't have any problems showing them live just what I'm going to show you is about 45 first page rankings so we don't necessarily have time for that so what I decide to do guys or what we talked about in the actual warmup for this webinar let me go look at this right here as I told you we were going to go out there and rank 30 sites for 30 different terms first page and we're going to do it in 24 hours so let's just do that I I told you guys we would do that live and I'm going to actually break this down for you step by step now a lot of these terms you're going to see you're going to be scratching your head how do we monetize these and in this webinar I'm going to show you not only how we rank these for in 20 hours actually about 30 minutes time every single one and how you can do this by the end of this webinar I'm also going to show you how to generate about $60,000 a year from these terms or more if you stick with it so let's just go through it what we're going to look on every single one of these pages is you're going to be looking for these little red boxes right here and so we did this by going and using a tool that I created called Source machine and I actually used my best outsourcer his named Superstar SEO I'll actually link to you to his gig on conquer I'm also going to show you guys a free way to do this but what we're going to show you right now is just these rankings and so yesterday I hit him up and said dude let's load up Source machine let's go get 30 of these rankings he said cool about an hour later he's like all right we're done we're all ranking first page so let's just go through it so here's one right here myle Beach fire damage repair that's about like 10,000 5,000 or more dollars per job you can see right there ranked number one or not not ranked first page 20 hours you can see here Plano marketing Plano video marketing Services ranked number one in 19 hours you can see Taber City Gardener ranked number one in 18 hours you can see bennettville Mobile Mechanic rank number one 18 hours most of these videos actually took 30 minutes to rank you can just see that's is when they were uploaded you got little river fence company 18 hours you got Li River home security specialist 17 hours you got btown Tyle and Gro number three 17 hours you got pool care right here 17 hours uh I'm not even going to say 178 hours more got Cherry Grove mowing company solar panel installation uh calage podiatrist ranked on the first page right there one day Timmonsville dry cleaner right there Pageland SEO number one this will at least get him probably another client this year uh you can see neology position right there actually I think that's just a random term I threw in you can see Clarin and B bonds first page right there you can see Loris email marketing you can see boom jumped up right there you can see mer inal mold removal you can see boom right here on the first page if we keep on going this is getting a lot you're going to see ply eyes water damage repair you can see this right here first number one actually uh uploaded yesterday and I'm actually show you make a killing with terms like this an absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] killing now that also means said guys you're El going to are that what am I even saying just too many terms it confuses me I'm a simple guy anyways right here we got Lumberton life insurance company R first page right there vinyl floor installation drug counc in Whiteville I'm actually show you to make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money with terms like that too you can see drywall repair same exact first page right there you can see motorcycle repair boom right there uh light fixture repair number one right there uh root canal number one right there rhinoplasty right there A's Credit Union right there it just keeps going uh upholstery auto upholstery right there number two and practical ADC guide going on Safari and there is 30 rankings now the next thing I want to do right here is I want to answer to two questions you probably have the first off is do these rankings actually stick here's from the last time we do that me and Chris will just sit down we've done this multiple times for examples and you can see right here here's one we uploaded last time we were doing this ranked in 24 hours this is a divorce attorney term right here you can see this person right here we ranked it in November it is now number one in this giant box right here you can see kenology we ranked in November still number one drug addiction counselor right here still on the first page and you can see water damage right here on the first page now guys how many people give me an X if you're already aaz you think that's pretty damn cool yeah that's pretty damn cool so guys give me a why right now if you're going to scratch your head you think this is a neat trick but how the hell do we monetize this okay that's a reasonable question and guys I'm not like that guy who woke up in the house and just leaves you like with a bunch of questions I'm going to answer all your questions here's how we monetize this look at this n right here water damage repair now guys let's imagine we went out one day and we did exactly what we just did right here but for only water damage repair if we went out there and got 20 rankings for terms like this can we assume that would probably get us two phone calls over a month just two phone calls just two phone calls asking for water damage repair give me one if it probably would that's very reasonable very easy so guys here's exactly how we would go out there and monetize this we go over to offer Vault right here and we type in water damage we got flood fire and water damage and you can see right here they're paying $32 per phone call boom just like that guys we just added $60 a month to our income give me a big fat X if you just see that no we don't even have to rent the video we just put in a a a phone number that we'll call them we'll redirect to these people boom we're making $32 a phone call now guys that what I just showed you took Chris about 30 minutes to do imagine if Chris had sto there for three hours now many you give me a big fat one if you want to see exactly how we did that and go deeper into this you're excited now you got a big fat SEO boner okay cool awesome so let's get into how exactly we did this that was a general game plan that I just broke down we rank these for very easy terms and then we go after and we sell the phone calls we sell the leads to local businesses or to CPA offers now how do we do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's actually really easy we just press a few buttons so the things we need to do this job okay and I'm using a lot of pictures in webinar okay this this is actually Link from Zelda and this is this is him discovering a source wave I like to think or it's or it's or it's a child in a skirt whatever you want to put it into um so anyways what we need to do this is we need a YouTube video that's easy we also need a video that looks a little bit something like this except in this video we want to make it maybe a little bit more PR uh professional and we might want to leave like a review or maybe like an actor or someone like saying hey man this if you want the best services this is actually where I went it's really good it's super simple and guys only way to do that it's so easy is you just go on over to conquer and all you're going to go over is you're going to go to the video section on conquer right here and you're simply just going to pay some going to make you a video see done for you animated local lead gen videos there you go easy as pie so that's done video is done now we're also going to need is we're going to need a few other dummy videos and so what we could basically do is make a bunch of videos that look like this so let me go back over here they look like this one okay and we just upload a bunch of them to YouTube you just change the time stamps on them and you just upload them across a bunch of channels on YouTube give me an X if you can do that that's pretty damn easy awesome all right so the next thing we're going to need is we're going to need a to tracking service and a website if we want we don't necessarily need a website for this um but let's just get in so call tracking all we're going to do to do that is we're going to go to Google and we're going to type in call tracking service and we're going to go get a troll tracking service for I think it's it's they're super cheap all right let me just look at the pricing right here okay so there's there's cheaper ones than this you could probably get this for much cheaper you can probably actually get a few phone numbers for free if you're starting out um but there's much much cheaper Services than car but you just get a simple called tracking service and what this does is when someone calls the phone number in your video it redirects that phone number to whoever you direct it to and you can track it give me one if you can do that I might even start a call tracking service that seems like a next good thing for Source wave I don't know uh that actually seems like a really good idea uh anyways so the next thing we're going to need guys is we're going to need an embeddable high Authority Network this is basically a network of web 2.0's and YouTube videos we can bet on to really quick so I'm going to show you to do that so the first thing we're going to do guys is we're going to pick a bunch of suburbs in our Niche now guys I could explain the what's the the Gen this this the right stuff the good stuff behind picking the right Niche but it's actually really easy you just pick a suburb and a longtail term okay you just pick a very small suburb and that's it you can go from there and we're going to give you a big list of suburbs um at the end of this webinar and a bunch of nich you can do this in specifically ones you can just sell the CPA offers so we're just going to pick our Target let's say our Target right here is water damage so let's go look at um let's see is this the one right here let's say let's say our yeah I want to I'm going to do water damage in this one because people don't believe me when I talk about how much money you can make in drug addiction guys if you go and look right here the normal pay per lead for drug addiction is like $300 I'm not going to talk about this webinar because the the numbers like get so stupidly High I'm like dude you just rank 50 videos you can make like 10K a month people like get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here I'm like but you really can but so we're gonna narrow it down we're going to talk about water damage that's going to be the example I'm going to use in this webinar because I actually have a friend who sells so many water damage leads so I kind of know it pretty well so what we do guys is we go and pick a term like water damage repair and fire damage repair those are really good ones right there and so we're going to go find a bunch of suburbs like poly Island all sorts of stuff like that just go to any state print out a list of every single suburb in the state okay so then we're going to do is we're going to upload our video to YouTube and it's going to be watched by a bunch of people uh who work at the Yavin 4 base uh this is kind of this is where they actually review the videos that they're put on YouTube I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you not okay i' I've been there this is what it looks like um this is actually they actually uploaded the Death Star plans in Rogue one to YouTube spoiler alert uh but anyways you upload your video to YouTube and then what we do guys is we either go out there and we link to our video from other videos or we simply just go out there and embed our videos all over the internet using a tool that I have called Source machine so I'm going to show you the freeway first because I'm a nice guy and I'm not going to be a dick and show you how to go and do this without showing you and saying y you just had to buy so guys if you want to do this for free here's all you do after you put up a video you you go to all your dummy videos that you just made and you paste your link in the YouTube video it's a little bit timec consuming and it's very tedious okay give me a give me an X if you can do that okay now you know the free method let me show you the turbocharge method so what you do right here is after we upload the video and we put the title the keyword in the title and we put the key the keyword in the description you can see The Talented SEO that we're doing right here all we do is we simply go on over to Source machine so you can see literally what we just ranked right here we went up and I had Chris go and do this for me so what source machine does is it goes out there and then basically we just load up the machine and we go out there and we just pump up all these videos right here we just go and basically we do one or two things what I prefer to do is you go out there and this is going to get you to the first spot okay if you're just linking from other YouTube videos it's going to be a little bit slower you might not see the instant results and you might get to the half like the middle of the page most of the time you can see we hit the number one spot a lot of the times so what we would do here is I'd have Chris load this up and we basically go and look at all the spots right here that got posted out to so if you can see right here when we click right here we're going to go on over down to let's look at um this one right here okay so you can see what's going on right here and so you can see Chris loaded this up and he basically posted it to all these sources right here that we put into this Source machine account um there you can go out there and have a variety we just posted a ton to these sites right here and you see basically every single the video get gets put up instantly when it gets put up it gets embedded on like a hundred different websites you can see like what are we looking at right here literally the videos we just ranked give me a one if you just see like the videos we just ranked right here you're looking at here exactly you can see the links to the YouTube videos and everything sitting right there and so we go and post on all these websites Tumblr uh stumble Pon a lot of social media spots and if you really want to finish it up and guys this was a rush job you go out there and you then post it on social media sources you then go out there and you also want to go and post it to a bunch of YouTube videos you can see right here for this example that we did right here you can see we went out there and we posted to a bunch of YouTube videos back right here I think this is an old account right here but if you go back right about here there we go what you're going to see I think this is an old account right there anyways what you're going to do is you basically want to go and post your YouTube videos on here and then you want to post to it so let me walk you through the overall process that we use to go out there and get all these Rankings today so essentially what you do is you're going to go right here and you're going to go first off to your accounts and you're going to add these accounts to your Source machine account so you can see we have a bunch of accounts already loaded up in here from these various sources that's it now you also want to go out there and you also want to go and one of my favorite things to do is go and upload a ton of YouTube accounts that works really well too I like to use a combination of YouTube and Web 2.0 when I'm ranking YouTube videos so after we've gone and create these accounts in there it's really easy to do you just go in and you're just going to add the simple stuff right here and boom you're connected it takes 10 10 seconds to do you can also pay someone five bucks to do it and then you're done so the next thing you're going to do right here is you're going to go and you're basically going to go and put in a camping name you don't even have to spin anything I could just put in let's just do water damage we're gonna go water damage is awesome and we're going to go put in whatever our domain URL is the YouTube video that we're linking out to let's just say I'm going to link to this post right here we're going to put our YouTube video right there we're going to embed our YouTube embed code right here let me actually show you that's done in case you don't know how to do that you should but some people don't and it's all right so you're going to go right here you're going to grab the embed code and you're going to go you're going to post it right here and then we're just going to go and basically put a few more details in here I'm just going to put in water damage water damage and C the keyword is water damage and then what happens right here guys is we simply choose the date we want to post and then we hit submit that's actually it that that's all there is to it give me an X like that's it it yeah that's all there is to it and so that's how we went out there literally and you saw it took me about 30 seconds to do like if I want to actually go out there let me let me just do this the right way this right here will actually get you ranked you don't need to be putting out quality content you can put out garbage let's just go out there I'm going to show you exactly how long it would take me to go and get this ranking right here we did it yesterday okay this is how long it would take all right best service poly okay if you are looking for water damage in poly you should I can't type should totally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] check this out I mean it's like OMG Fab and like they clean so so good man okay so that's exactly how you should you shouldn't submit that it probably won't come out like that but that that person's going to be very impressed with that review so what you're going to do then is we just paste in bed code like we talked about and I'm an idiot because I wasn't able to grab it over here I'm doing this all from my point of view guys you can see exactly how even a complete idiot could do this go in right here gonna grab my embed code jump over throw that in there boom and we're going to go no water no article spinning that's for that's for nerds and we're going to put the title water damage poly and preview description is the greatest decision I ever made in my life and done even messing that up multiple times and manually typing that all out it took me about 45 seconds to do that I I think I didn't time it out right there guys how many people could do that 30 times in a day give me a one if you could do that 30 times in a day with a different suburb and guys if I wanted to speed this up here's how I would do in a different suburb I'd change out Plano boom copy copy copy copy submit then I would go right here and type in Allen copy copy copy submit and that's it someone said someone said we could do it 100 times you should be able to do that 100 times I'm saying 30 times a day because I'm trying to cater to people that are kind of new to this okay that's it that's all we freaking do and I'm going to show you a bunch of other things Source machine does we automate traffic and that's how we go out there and rank a lot of YouTube videos we can go out there and post YouTube we can actually get competitive rankings with this but I'm just showing you the true potential because this is what I would do okay this is what this is like literally how I go out there like someone's like how do I make money with SE I'm like this is the easiest thing ever now basically once we do that guys we just do that that's it we do that over and over and over again how many people give me an X if you could do that someone said okay Obi-Wan thank you he's actually my favorite Star Wars character uh actually I think I'd be more of an Anakin fan from the Clone Wars like the the animated series The Clone Wars animated series is pretty good but guys how do we make money from this how do we make money from this give me a one if that's the big thing like this is a cool trick already but how do we make money from all these rankings right there all right look we go after high payout low search volume local and affiliate niches now here are my favorite ones lawyers rehab any kind of damage repair whenever a house gets messed up you can charge so much money to fix it plumbers any type of mechanic repairment anything like that surgery is amazing the only downside with surgery is you have to go out there and usually sell the phone calls directly you have to go out there and actually talk to somebody and anything where the job cost per customer is like $2,000 or more because the search FS usually aren't that high and when you go out to the little tall little small suburbs and stuff like that usually people in other seos don't go for those terms so it's so easy to rank for so let's put out a situation right here let's imagine guys our Niche right here is water restoration so we go out there and we're going to go and we're going to we're going to hook it up with let's say we're where is it right here which which side is this on there um I have to hop back over to W did I go and remove Offa let me hop over Okay so let's imagine right here our Niche is water damage we're going to hook it up with these guys right here who are going to pay us $32 per phone call now guys if I were to do this I would do rehab or drug addiction or lawsuits because guys they are paying $550 freaking dollars per lead okay Nationwide it doesn't matter what town you're in so that means if one of these people right here where's um let me go where's the term we were looking at here a second ago that means right here the person looking for drug addiction Counseling in Whiteville if they call this number right here and turn into a lead that means we get $550 no matter where they are give me an estimation Mark that's kind of exciting like isn't that like kind of like well I don't I don't almost believe that that's almost two damn easy yeah I thought you too I had a friend who went out there and made like a giant drug rehab site and got to like a thousand visitors a day and was making like 30,000 a month from the website within three weeks of ranking it so like I was like the rehab Niche is hilarious um so anyways let's get back to the webinar before I I get too too excited so let's imagine guys we go out there and where nich's uh is water restoration so I go out there and I rank one video okay one video just like we have done right here what's the result if we do that not too much Guys these are really ply small keywords that that video right there might get us two phone calls over the entire year which is actually pretty cool because it only took us 30 seconds to rank that video but the result we're going to get there when expressu means is skeptical cat okay that's not too impressive but let's imagine guys we sit down for 20 minutes can everybody here agree that we could go out there and we could probably do this about 30 times and probably following the pattern I just showed you get about 20 rankings Maybe 10 of them would fall off give me one if we could do that from 30 minutes of work totally reasonable okay so let's imagine we do that we sit down for 20 to 30 minutes and we go out there when we rank 20 videos for different water restoration terms give me next if we can all agree that 20 ranked terms on the first page would result in about two phone calls a month totally reasonable okay so what happens right here guys is those two phone calls $32 per call just right right I just showed you right here on our rev Vault not those ones $1,000 for doing that would be pretty cool but $32 a call awesome right there boom all right we just added $60 a month to our income now let's imagine guys for the next 20 days we did that every single day we ranked 20 rankings now guys you should be able to actually do like 200 rankings in a day don't don't judge me all right don't don't get your panties in a bundle with Source machine you can easily do hundreds of rankings a day anyways what goes on right here let's imagine we do that for 20 days straight we have 400 rankings by what we agreed on before guys give me one if it's completely reasonable those 400 rankings with the same exact conversion rates as the other ones will get us about 40 phone calls awesome we just grew our income but to $1,200 a month passively that's 12,000 that's over $112,000 a year by working 20 to 30 minutes a day now the result of that guys is a little bit nicer we got Mr Bean very nice okay that that we we're going up in the the meme world right here now let's imagine we just do this for 90 days straight 90 days straight we get 1,800 rankings that gets us a guys by our same metrics give me an next if from those 1,00 rankings we could expect about 180 phone calls a month totally reasonable not doing any not using any big numbers or anything that's that's ridiculous right there guys that would get us about 180 phone calls a month 180 phone calls times 30 equals $5,400 a month that's $60,000 a year passively by working 20 to 30 minutes a day is it give me give me an ex if that just blew your mind it's that simple we're not even we're not even having to talk to anybody we just send the phone calls to those people now here's the big kicker guys we can easily put up a 100 rankings a day and and this will take about a week or two to get to this point I'm not saying two weeks after this webinar you're going to be making 60k a year you might need to exper I don't I don't know what would stop you I really can't I can't imagine I'm not allowed to leave say man you're going to be making 60k a year right after this webinar but I don't know what can stop you because literally today I just showed you we logged in we can just log in strain The Source machine right here I just showed you we actually just went out there and did that like you can see right here the same exact rankings we just went through like literally here they all are drug addiction counselor or here's the one for drug addiction right here boom right there like I don't see what's stopping you because this took about this took Chris about 30 minutes to do so I don't know what's stopping you from doing this but we could go out there give me an ex give me a y if you would go out there and get 100 rankings away 100 rankings a day yeah everybody in this freaking webinar so guys here's the bigger kicker let me get a drink of my blueberry banana smoothie water damage is an example of a lower end Niche let's imagine we get in the rhinoplasty okay and you can sell this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for $100 a call no problem no problem why because a rhino surge rhal plastic surgery or surgeon makes about $5,000 from every single person that he does surgery on so give me a why if it's completely reasonable that they pay $100 per phone call they actually pay a lot more but I just want to be reasonable with everyone right here okay so guys if we go out there and we do the 20-day process and get 20 rankings a day 400 rankings 40 phone calls a month that's $44,000 a month passively in our first month now here's the funny kicker and this is what I would do you're not going to believe me because the numbers are too big but I don't see why you can't so look let's look at this Niche right here rehab let's imagine you go out there and they're paying $400 per phone call I'm not telling you this I'm not pulling this number out my butt they are literally paying you don't even have to like go out there and do anything they're paying like 400 bucks a phone call right here $400 per lead $400 per lead CU they make like so much money off every single person that comes in so it's totally worth it and it's really competitive Niche actually if you're selling that because people have to choose where they're going to go to anyways right here let's imagine we go out there and we get 20 rankings a day we get 400 rankings now guys I'm going to say I'm just going to lower the conversions just to lower the numbers a little bit let's say we only get 20 phone calls a month from those 400 rankings those 20 phone calls turn into 20 leads that is $88,000 a month passively from 20 phone calls I know it's seems [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy but the numbers all add up we've all looked at the numbers and we agree on this give me a one if that's just absolutely huge I know so many people they're in niches like this and this is how they make so much money from SEO this is how the richest seos I know actually make money they're not going out there ranking for these like car insurance and stuff they're going out there and finding niches like this and just sending tons of lawyers and tons of phone calls like that guys give me a why if you are not entertained like holy moly guacamole so guys this is all from Simply posting every day in Source machine that is it that's it and guys here's some bonus tactics we're going to get a few bonus tactics you can sell this on how many people here would pay 20 bucks to have someone do this on conquer for them give me one if that's you I don't know if you're a conquer seller or not but if you looked at this right now there's about 500 ones going off for now bonus tactic number one go out there and sell these types of rankings this type of SEO all these posting on conquer it's very in demand it's absolutely huge okay now back to the webinar number two you're talking to a client on the phone he goes you know I I I've been working with seos before but I I I haven't had a good experience give me an X if you've ever heard that people that had bad experience with former seos that they worked with yep well guess what how cool would it be if you said all right cool what I'm going to do is I'm going to rank you for term uh and I'm going to call you back in an hour and you call them back I'm say oh boom you're you're ranked or even cooler guys if you can go out there and say you know what you just came on as a client I'm Gonna Get You 10 rankings actually I'm Gonna Get You 20 rankings all over the state of Texas today so we can start getting you phone calls right now yeah that's a weapon right there give me a one if you think you could probably get a client to come around if you could do that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in front of him bonus tactic number two guys I'm going to show you exactly one of the key tactics between let me load up my channel real quick one of the key tactics behind how I grew my channel to over 5 million views and 94,000 subscribers last year so you're going to see on my channel I have these really quirky videos that go up there so I make a clickbait title okay I then go out there and I'll load up Source machine and I will go out there and I will post to about 200 Web 2.0 I'll embedded all over the place so then what I'm going to do guys is once the video gets a little bit of traction on YouTube what I'm going to do is I'm going to go on over to Source machine I have to go back over here now and what I do after posting it I'm going to go over here to traffic now what YouTube really looks at is interaction and time spent watching the videos and traffic clicking on the videos they look at clickthrough rates and so what I'm going to do right here is I'm going to go add this campaign this is like the highend stuff right here basically I'm just going to put this in click on the YouTube video and I'm just going to fill this out with just I'm just going to put in random stuff right here because we're running out of time on the webinar let me just load up a YouTube video real quick and we're GNA use uh does being a millionaire help you get laid okay uh so there we go so we're going to put this video on here and we're going put in campaign name example put in the URL there you go and we're going to do via search engine I'm going to do um Alex Becker just as the keyword and I'm going to select search in I'm going to YouTube and I'm just hit next step and what I can do here is I can set it to be about I can set it to about I don't know 50 people a day searching for it and I can have them go on there and spend a certain amount of time looking at the video and I can go on here and I can do geolocation tracking and have them coming through certain locations and so I put this order in and then once I set it off right there guys those people are going to go search for my keyword through that term every single day and increase the click through rate increase the watch time increase the people going out there and liking and watching my video and that is huge when it comes to ranking YouTube videos that's a really Advanced Tech and that's like one of the coolest things machine does but I just want to get into that give me a three if that's pretty damn cool yeah so really my question right here is is how many people here give me an X if you'd like a copy of source machine so you can just do all the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you just saw in this webinar all right that's a lot of x's guys what you can do today is get complete access to Source machine and what you're going to get inside Source machines you're going to get the full link building uh Suite that I just showed you the authority link building suite you're going to get the embeddable link building video system where you can go and embed videos all over the place you're going to get the YouTube link building that is inside there you're going to get the traffic automation is inside that shows YouTube and Google that traffic is going to your website and you're going to go out there and you're also going to be able to get the click-through rate manipulation that Source machine does we didn't even have time to really tap on those things because I was talking about my favorite strategy with this now how many people here give me one if you think this is pretty cool but you don't think you know enough about SEO you don't think you know quite enough yet to get the most out of this software it's fine guys because what we're going to give you when you get inside is three things we're going to give you a complete SEO beginners course we're also going to take you through basic posting how many people here give me a three if you would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your pants and you actually sat behind and watch Chris over his shoulder post and do these rankings be in front of you and we actually gave you a list of all the the niches and everything you know out the go when you get inside source machine not only do we give you a beginner's course we also have Chris sit down and show him posting the niches he's picking and do it over the should and you literally rank videos in 30 minutes in front of you we also show you how to do all the rank and rent methods how to connect how to sell that kind of stuff and we're even going to show you to build pbns just for fun so we're going to take you and give you all the information you need now on top of that guys we're also going to give you Advanced client getting webinars and these are going to be five webinars where I sit down and I break down exactly how I got clients in the past I'm going to show you myself actually closing clients live on a webinar this is going to be five the webinars are about an hour and so you're going to see exactly how to get clients as well so you don't have to rely on those CPA offers either you can actually sell this directly to dentists flower shops rhinoplasty surgeons it doesn't matter I always deal in the medical Niche because that's what I always dealt in because it's the easiest niche in the world but whatever you want to sell to you can sell to now on top of that guys we're also going to give you a blueprint of all the keywords you should be targeting so you don't even have to worry about this we're just going to give you a list of the keywords and you just go out there and start targeting these suburbs and there's so many creative ways you can apply this but if you're just starting off we're going to give you everything you need to do to go through the tactic we just talked about step by step by step so what you're going to be getting guys is you're going to get Source machine you're going to get the SEO ranking course you're gonna get the five client getting webinar uh system we're going to show you that and we're going to walk you through all that we're going to give you all the keywords to go after and guys that's easily a $2,000 value here's my question for you guys if in the next 30 days you are ranking for 400 different terms would that be worth $2,000 give me a one if that's true if you were if you were generating an extra $1,500 a month for the rest of this year yeah it would if that's all it did if all this if all this software did take away everything else if all it did was exactly what I showed you it did in this webinar if all it did was the stuff that we just showed you how to Simply do in this webinar in about 30 minutes would it be worth it yeah so guys what I'm going to give you today is we're going to give you up to $500 or up to $2,000 off of source machine give me an X if that sounds pretty to cool we have a special deal lineup and we're also throwing in all those bonuses as well so if you guys want to get in this all you need to do right now we've set the prices to be lower so you're going need to go to sourc machine. right now I'm GNA go and actually paste this in the chat box and guys this deal only the these bonuses only apply to the first 50 okay the first 50 I'm not trying to sell I'm not trying to give these bonuses to every single person on planet Earth right here only applies to the first 50 we have 500 people on this webinar we are going to get more than 10% of this webinar to buy Source machine all right people are freaking out so you need to go right here I'm going to paste this in the chat box I'm actually going to go grab the link just go to sourc machine. and you're going to go to this website right here you're going to go through it's going to look just like this okay I'm putting this in the chat box people are freaking out calm down G to go right here and to paste this in the chat box you're go right here to get started okay now I've set this because we're not doing a replay of this webinar tomorrow okay so you have about 30 minutes or until I close this webinar down the hop in if you hop on the base level you're going to get $500 off for the entire year if you hop on the pry level which is look if you want to use the pry level what this involves and what the credits are are for using the traffic section with this right here with the base level if you're a beginner 10K posts per month is more than enough for you okay if you're taking a few clients if you're already a veteran you're already working and doing a lot of SEO you want to get the engineer package if you're running an agency and you want to automate tons of traffic to your clients and actually get into the advanced rankings you want to get the proy package okay so that's the package you want to get right here guys 10K post per month is how much you can go out there and post to your places if you're selling this for example if you're wanting to sell this on conquer you want the proy level because you're going to be posting so many times you're going to be posting thousands and thousands of times a day if you're going right here if you're actually just going to be doing this for your clients you want the engineer because you'll probably posting maybe 500 times a day on there if you're just starting out you want to go and use this tactic that I just showed you right here you want to jump on the base level and just go do that right there and you can go out there and do this guys with the base level that's going to allow you to get about 300 to 500 rankings that's more than enough every single month give me one if that's more than enough every single month give me one if that's that's what you're looking at right there now guys if you hop on if you do hop on the progy level I'm going to throw in a sweet little bonus from that as well you're going to be able to get what am I going to throw in there what can we throw in how about how many people here we're watching Source CCS reloaded next month and this is going to be it completely blows away to renting of websites and everything you do to manage your clients and stuff like that that's going to be about a $67 per month software if you hop in on the prodigy or let me hop over here the engineer level I'm going to give that to you free for three months that's about $180 bonus right there as well if you hop on one of those two levels and guys the bonuses I just talked about only apply the first 50 and we're about 45 in so from what I just scrolled back and looked at so that's what we got right now guys and here's the cool thing guys we have a 30-day refund guarantee go out there guys all you have to do is follow the training and Si we have an action-based refund guarantee as long as you go out there and follow the training and try and rank a few websites that's it you can you come in here and you try this out you try off the software that is all there is to it if this is not for you within 30 days you can get a refund 100% And guys the only question here and the only risk here is a few minutes of your time to come inside and try this out guys there's there's no elephants in the room right here this clearly freaking Works without a shadow of a doubt there's zero risk this doesn't work we just did it over and over and over again on call I hit up Chris yesterday I said dude let's load up sourice machine let's do this for this webinar tomorrow he goes okay cool on call we able to go out there and rank all these out there there was no if answer butts if you go out there and you follow this simple training Insight that you can do this too so why would you not because there's no risk you can get your refund at any time in the next three days so guys if you want to hop in as soon as this webinar goes down the price goes up about 50% the bonuses all go off the table and the bonuses for the engineer and proy package go off the table as well so I'm going to field some questions right now before we get in someone said I'm an SEO beginner can I do that I I'm not GNA answer that question by saying yes or no I'm gonna ask you if you can do this can you you tell me if you can do this or not okay I don't know you I don't know what you're G to do let me go load this let me hop in can you do this step one we're going to go add an account can you go in and create an account on bitly and then go out and fill out your account email and then put in your access token everybody here give me a one if you can do that if you can create a bitly count and put in your access token give me a one if you can do that okay can you then go to post and fill out a quick form following the basic training we have right here we have basic tutorials that show you the basic things to put in here the basic things to post the basic way to use every part of it if you can follow basic directions what you're going to learn is all you need to do is come in here and type in the keyword keyword you put in the video embed you put in the domain and then you hit submit that is literally all we did today to go out there and rank these exact videos that we're showing you in here I showed you the motorcycle repair one right there here's the post we put today that's exactly what we did that's it so don't ask me if I'm a beginner can I do this or not I don't know but can you do that as any person on planet Earth I think so somebody said how many videos can be posted per Channel as many as you want there's no limit on [Music] YouTube again guys as soon as we're going to be closing this down in five minutes I'm going to set a little timer right here um I'm going to go right here over to Google and put in a countdown come on man get it type today and I'm going to set this for five minutes right here you can see we're at five minutes on there I'm going to hop off um someone said how do you make sure the keywords you're picking are right guys we have training inside that show you the keywords to pick we also give you a list of keywords to go after and a list of ways to use them so you don't even have to pick the keywords or do any research just use the keywords we give you uh someone said will it take 30 minutes per ranking with Source machine here's what's going to happen if you don't use Source machine and every webinar guys give me an X if you understand that I always show you free methods to do what I'm talking about and I show you a faster way to do that I'm never up here trying to sh say the only way you can do this is for you buy this if you don't use Source machine it's going to take you a lot longer and posting getting 100 rankings a day is going to be pretty much uh that's unreasonable also your rankings are not going to be as high because you're not posting yet on 50 or so web 2.0's the more web 2.0's you have the higher you're going to rank for these terms and the easier you're going to rank the end so if you use the free method your results are not going to be as good and they're going to be very very slow that being said if you want to get serious about this there's no risk to do this guys when you hop in look even if you're a beginner and you're afraid guys if you hop in and this isn't for you just get a refund 30 days from now there's zero risk and guys you're not going to see go to any of my groups we have over 10 we have almost 20,000 members in our groups we're giving the refunds guys we don't mind giving refunds on stuff okay that's fine so someone said you're super dude we we give refunds there's no re like if you put the $99 in for the base package give it a try follow the basic training in there that's it man if it's not for you just refund in 30 days and guys we're also all the training we're throwing in right here you also get to keep so even if you come in we're going to let you keep all the training just for checking it out someone say can we upgrade later yes but you have to get in today someone said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm in good Earnest all right someone said please say the bonuses again what you're going to get you're going to get Source machine we're going to give you a full SEO ranking course that shows you over the shoulder Chris going out there and ranking these videos we're going to give you a complete beginner SEO course if you don't know how to make a website you don't even know what SEO is we're going to give you that as well we're going to give you exact ways to go out there and rent these Pages all right whether it's using CP offers or actually calling people up and selling the phone calls to local businesses then what we're also going to give you is a full pbn building course you can actually go out there and get competitive rankings too it has nothing to do with what I just showed you but it's just a bunch of cool stuff now we're also going give you five client getting webinars where you sit down with me and we go over step by step how I got a bunch of Surgeons to sign up with me and how to go and just get clients in general we're also going to give you a list of keywords and niches to do this in so you can go out there and you don't have to think about this you just follow this instructions you use the niches we give you and just go and use the methods we show you in the training areas that's it and that's the bonus on top of that guys when you hop in today on the base package we are giving you $500 a year off on the and it's it's pay by month you can cancel any time on the project level we're giving you $2,000 a year off if you get the engineer and produ package we are also throwing in three months of access to Source CCS this is It's amazing software we're releasing next month it's going to let you rent Pages rent your websites out manage all your rentals manage all your business just from the this little dashboard it's really cool and you guys are going to get blown away by it okay so that goes away guys we're about actually almost out of time we got a minute left before I close this down someone said 500 years off what source machine Steve Source machine that's what we're selling here man 500 years $500 a year off of your Arby's that's what we've been Steve you sign up right now man I will I will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] give you $500 a year off any Arby's purchase you make you get a 10% discount Becker discount you were in just kidding man I was just seeing your question um you get $500 a year Steve Steve you get $500 a year off this instead of paying 147 a month it's 99 a month saving you $500 a year someone said I just sign up where can I see the freebies the training section is in the training section in the dashboard and the freebies are going to be sent to everybody three days after this webinar is completed to make sure that you stayed on the software some people a lot of people will come on they'll hop on and then they'll just like refund immediately and keep all the bonuses which is kind of BS let's see someone said University is closed that's you sign for Source machine that's right we don't offer Source we don't offer free trials for Source University anymore if you want to get Source University go check out for 1997 on the home site so Steve you also get $500 on Arby's discounts too you go them you just say look you go up to the the counter and be like all right guys we're out of time I'm about to close down this webinar I'll answer a few questions when the webinar is done but as soon as I I hit I turn off the record button we're done okay so that's it guys Steve everybody here after this webinar go down the Arby and be like look man you know Becker and they be like I don't know him but don't don't worry they're just tricking you all right they're just playing Koy because they want to give you discount you be like I know Becker I bought Source machine and I want the five for five but I only want to pay for three they GR Rumble a little bit they'll tell you you're insane they might call the cops but trust me you try hard enough they'll eventually give you that let's see guys if you have any trouble with customer support anything up just hit our customer support up right there if you have any trouble while checking out uh just hit up our customer support in our live chat right here just go to I can't help you right here in the webinar just go to Source wave.com support right one sec right here and we have a little live chat box in the corner and you can hit our support we're online right now just H up and they'll fix anything for you so there you go awesome all right guys so I'm closing down this de right now if you want to go check this out go through um it's we're going to be lifting it up and then after this webinar it's done okay cool all right I'm closing down the webinar 5 3 2 one

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Increase Any JVzoo Launch Or Shopify Store By 10-30%
VIDEO ID: 3XxlZned0ow
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XxlZned0ow
================================================================================

[Music] Nation what's going on this is Becker and I uh don't have anything witty to say so we're going to dive straight into it if you use Shopify or do any form of e-commerce or you're launching products on JV Zoo paid Kickstarter Warrior plus this video is going to show you to increase your business by another 20 to 30% by doing something that's actually really easy to do inside of markco hero and that is set up followup emails upsell emails down sell emails and cart abandonment emails and inside the system now with our Shopify app and with our integration in JV Zoo you're able to do stuff that you've never been able to do on Shopify or JB Zoo paid Kickstarter any other affiliate marketing platform where you get people to promote your launches so what I want to do is just dive straight into it but we got to get something witty in here it's my promise to you guys so before we get going why don't they play cards in the jungle don't know too many cheetahs ah okay all right let's let's just dive into it now I'm I'm sorry for that okay guys so what I'm going to do now is I'm going to show you you exactly how to dramatically increase your sales while not really changing anything in your business using jbu or Shopify now I know some people here watching this video might exclusively do either or okay you might just only be doing Shopify you might just only doing JV Zoo So Below this video I've left time stamps of what you can skip to if you want to see both just start watching right now so let's go find an old product of mine and let's let's kind of break this down so you can see right here let's just use this an example Source Hunter so let's imagine someone comes right here and I'm launching this product on JV Zoo so what most people do is the product is bought and then immediately they get offered an upsell now if the person doesn't buy that upsell nothing happens they just continue the product and that's it they don't get followed up with or anything that loses you so much money so much money on the back end because every person who doesn't buy every person that abandons that card essentially is not buying on top of that what happens if they buy that upsell and then don't buy the next upsell again you're losing more money so let's go through a situation real quick let's imagine you launch a product person gets the upsell immediately after they get the upsell they don't buy and they continue through so what you do is you follow up with them on the upsell via your email they open email they then say you know what I think I want this upsell no they buy that and then they buy the next upsell after your first upsell yous SP saying that email you've completely recovered hundreds of dollars and this is exactly how you do it so let's just say right here I have two upsells we started here on the source Hunter silver plan we'll just imagine this is our initial product so we're going to go and we're going to go right here and Market hero inside of JB Zoo now we're going to set the tag as bot a okay this will represent them buying our first step cell and then what we want to do is set up another tag for the next step cell but in this one I'm just going to do hypothetically but right here we've connected the integration inside of Market hero so the next thing we're going to do is we're going to go and create what I like to call a product launch funnel okay guys so we're just going to build this from stretch and it's actually really easy to do now there's a ton of different ways we can create a card abandonment funnel and an UPS cell funnel in Market hero I'm going to use the easiest way and show you the simplest way to understand it so first thing that's going to happen right here is we're going to have Market hero use a start Action Now what a start action does is when an email is applied from JV zoo and it has a tag for example the tag we just set that's applied when someone buys this product what's going to happen is they're going to get shot through the system and get sent directly to this funnel whenever these tags are applied now what we're also going to do is we're going to have it remove people from every other fun funel or whatever funnel they are in at the current time pretty simple so what's going to happen is we're going to set it to wait 10 minutes so let's imagine they just bought the product and the first tag got applied and the start action has begun so we're going to have it wait 10 minutes right here now what's going to happen is after 10 minutes they obviously have not bought the product okay they haven't they haven't gone through they haven't picked up the upsell so we want to do is we want to sell send them an email saying hey you forgot the upsell you might want to go back and check this out so what's going to happen right here is we're going to send them an upsell email saying hey you didn't buy the upsell uh we're going to give you a discount on it right now you can go come back and check it out so what's going to happen at this point in time is we're going to go and create another start action so what's going to happen and this is pretty cool is we're going to set this to the tag that will be applied when the upsell was bot so we're going to put in bot B okay so this is the upsell right here so what happens during this delay period right here if they buy the upsell the first upsell what's going to happen is the tag bot B is going to be applied to them and they're going to be yanked out of this process right here and sent into this process now if they don't buy it what's going to happen is that bot B will not be applied therefore they're going to stay in this process and they're going to get the upsell email and we can keep firing these emails off to them we could have this one send a day after saying hey you know it's been a day we're going to offer you an even crazier discount on what you could have P before you can pick up the first upsell so we do that again easy now at anytime during this process if they buy the second upsell the tag bot B is going to be applied to them them so right here we see bot B applied right there and they're going to get sent to the start action and then we do the same exact thing let's say we have three upsells so what's going to happen immediately after they buy this the first upsell they're going to get offered the second upsell now what's going to happen right here is we're going to do the same exact sequence we're going to wait 10 minutes and see if they buy it or not if they do buy it what's going to happen if they do buy the second upso we'll have another tag right here that's apply to them and it will say bot C okay so what's going to happen is the same thing that happen before they're going to go through and if they buy in this time frame they'll be yanked out of here and sent to the next part of the funnel right here and so we can constantly keep doing that let's just imagine we send a welcome email right here or they're at the end of The Funnel and so we have a follow-up process for every single product in our funnel and this alone right here is something you're not able to do in get response something you're not able to do in anything else and just sending out these emails right here can recover so much lost income and increase your launch or your product selling by 10 to 20% just by adding this to your system and it's so easy to do so again what happens person buys the tag is applied saying they just bought the product then what happens is it waits 10 minutes to see if they buy the first product if they buy the first product they get yanked down here to the next part of the funnel because bot B the tag has been applied to them pretty cool right but if they don't buy we keep sending them emails encouraging them to buy the first upsell now the second they buy the first upsell what happens they're going to get offered the second upsell and it's going to do the same delay process now if they buy the second upsell what's going to happen happen is going to shoot them down here to the end of the funnel if they don't buy the second upsell we're going to keep sending them followup emails encouraging them to also buy the second upell this alone right here will make your JV so much more money increase the value every click sent to your launch now let's go and set up something very similar to this in Shopify so I'm going to clear this out right here just take a mental image right here and let's go build this in Shopify now also before we hop in JB zo there is a free trial for and now also before we hop into Shopify there is a free trial below so if you're launching products on JV zo or you're doing something like that right now go below start your free trial apply this to your next launch and make 10 to 20% more just by adding this simple process in there so we're going to hop over here and you can see here is my example Shopify store so what's going to happen is we're going to build an upsell funnel for this t-shirt right here so we're going to go down to the market Hero app in our store and you can see right here we have the market herero app all loaded up inside the store so here's a few things we're going to do after we cut connect our API key I'm going to set up a few options in here first off whenever they enter the store no matter what they're doing they're going to have this tag applied to them shop one to tell me what store they came from now I can also set up tags based on specific people that come into my store but we'll get into this in a later video when I explain the Shopify app even more I just want to show you the first way to easily increase your business but we can e easily sort segments by people that haven't bought yet people that have bought and are in Japan people that have bought and also bought this product and will automatically segment them by their tags inside of Market hero now what we're going to do right here is let's imagine we're looking at this shirt right here the dev black hole you can see here's the shirt that we're looking at so what's going to happen when a person comes to start the checkout process let's imagine we start the checkout process right now going to go in and I'm going to start the checkout process by hitting add the cart I'm going go to go to cart and I'm going to hit check out so as we're checking out right here the first step in any checkout process is to enter our email and our information so let's imagine the person begins checking out right here they enter their email and they enter their information so we just hit get shipping method so now we have to go and start paying for stuff and this is where you lose people a lot of people will abandon cart here's how you stop this so you see right here first thing we're going to do is we're going to set up a start action and what's going to be applied to them as we can see right here from the checkout options we've set it is they're going to have the tag start shirt appli to them so we're going to set the start action right here to fire off when the tag start shirt is applied cool right so then we're we're going to do right here is we're going to do the same weight sequence we did before and we're going to see if they buy the shirt or not so what's going to happen is we're going to have a sort action right here so what's going to happen I'm going to go and hit this by sort by tag now the tag that's going to be applied when they complete checkout will be bought shirt and then the value will actually be applied to them telling us how much that lead is worth and telling us how many shirts they actually bought but before we get to that what we're going to have is we're going to sort by tag we're going to make it bot shirt and you can see these types of tags right here this event right here is a purchase event so we're going to have a money tag applied to them this also carries a value that tells us how much the lead is worth in the long term so what's going to happen right here let's imagine they do not complete checkout so after 10 minutes of waiting it's going to go and sort by it and it's going to say hey this person in complete checkout so what we're going to do is we're going to send them to a follow-up process says hey you forgot to check out come back you can link them back to your cart and send them directly back to go and check out and finish the check out for the product if they did buy it what what you can immediately do is upsell them so let's say we want to sell them shirt number two okay we sell them a shirt like that and we can do another funnel just like this so we send them right here say Hey you like this shirt maybe you should go check out these products they're similar to it and so we can have is another sort by tag right here that allows them to sort let's just say we do um bot shirt B is a tag that's showing that they purchase that and boom what's going to happen is we do the same exact upsell funnel right here so what's going to happen after they bought that first shirt they're going to get upsold again if they don't buy it get an upself emo right there and if they do buy it let's just say we let them off the hook at this point in time but you can see just by doing this we're able to follow up with people that abandon our cart and if they do buy something we're able to upsell them immediately doing this alone will easily add another 10 to 20% from your store and you just canot afford to do this and the really cool thing right here is let's imagine a person comes and buys multiple shirts from you so let me just go find every person that has the tag bot shirt in my system these are examples of course but you can see right here I'm I'm able to go and track how many times they buy the shirt and other products they pick up so I can see you know every person that buys a $25 shirt is also buying a lot of this one product and they're buying quantities of this other product so what you could do in your funnel is go back on over to it and be like hey look we noticed you bought this shirt you should probably buy these products right here as well a lot of people that buy this product buy this product as well so this right here guys is how you can it's just in seconds really just took 10 seconds to really explain not 10 seconds but you get the drift to expl how to do this and this is how you can go and dramatically dramatically dramatically increase the amount of sales you're making in JB zoo and the amount of sales you're making on your Shopify store just by picking up Market hero and just adding these quick little things in here there's no other autoresponder you can do this stuff in and uh I'm pretty proud of that so if you enjoyed this be sure to leave a comment below if you have any questions and there's a free trial link below here so you can check out Market hero start doing this to your stores and launches as well so that being said this has been Becker this is an easy way to improve your launches in Shopify and uh that's all I got in this video so till then take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Avoid Email Spam and Promo Tabs With Your Email Marketing
VIDEO ID: -iThV6Ho48M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iThV6Ho48M
================================================================================

hero Nation what's going on this is Becker and welcome back to the market hero blog uh where we we tell you cool stuff and how to improve your email marketing all right but today we're actually be getting into something that's extremely cool and this is something that can increase your business 20 to 30% literally overnight without you doing anything different and that's hitting the inbox not the promotion tab not the spam tab every single time with your email now the cool thing is at Market hero our delivery is like out of control good so like I can inbox even using words like free and money and refund guarantee and the subject lines of the emails which is nuts okay that's something I've never been able to do anywhere else and that's something you can do too but what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be sitting down with my head of email um who is actually the genius behind our delivery and everything like that and what we're going to focus on is what you need to know to make sure that you're hitting the inbox every single time these are quick little tips that you can apply in about 30 minutes that will increase your delivery rate all right you get a 10% higher delivery rate you'd make 10% more money okay that's huge for like 30 seconds of work we're going to be focusing also on like headlines to get higher clickr rates and what we're seeing that allows us to hit the Inbox and also get those High open rates from good headlines that actually convert okay so we're going to hop in right now and dive straight into that okay guys so something really funny we did the really demonstrate Market Heroes inboxing and just like how to make sure you inbox like a champ uh our head of email actually just sent these and so you can see right here we actually sent out an email right here and if you know anything about email you know having a headline like this um and then having this content in here uh you can see right here we have Viagra sex porn PayPal wire online bank just this stuff right here they will always get your your email sent to spam and you can say we're still inboxing that with Market hero so that's just kind of a testament to uh how good the delivery is is over here you can just see that the emo right here that went in um I know there's some weird topics right there but that's all the stuff to get you knocked out and we're still hitting the inbox with that um so just just first off right here step one inboxing I suggest you try free trial of Market hero that being said I want to go over a bunch of things that you can do when you're about to email that will drastically drastically drastically improve your inboxing and this is really how you troubleshoot out of the promo tab how you troubleshoot out of the spam tab so the first thing I want to show you kind of how to do is you want to go on a Goog Google and you want to type in SPF record setup tutorial now I'm not going to show you how to do this right here there's there's actually a video of me showing how to do this I'll put it below this video just in a link it's just a really ugly basic video but you can find out how to pretty much do this this anywhere and if you don't know what this is you need to you need to figure this out like right now okay because an SPF record right here is going if you don't have this it doesn't matter if you're using any other autoresponder and this tutorial isn't so much even if you're using Market hero I mean if you're using Market hero you'll still inbox but you still need to do this with Market hero but I want this tutorial to be helpful to you if you're sending emails in general because that's the goal of these videos that provide just as much value so maybe you'll check out the company in the future um so what you want to go is you want to go do this because if you don't do this you're you're going to miss the inbox you're going to hit the promo Tab and you're going to hit the spam box talks a lot and what this does is it basically is a digital signature so when you send out an email from your from email so if I send you an email it's from alexit Market hero.io what's going to happen is when you shoot out the inbox that you sent to is going to check back with the domain you're sending from to make sure this is a validated domain um and so that's really how you can tell what a fake email is from just basically a person using a fake domain they have no authority over so I can go anywhere from be like you know send from alexg google.com and SPS will shoot back to Google and say we don't know this person so that's essentially what it does and what you also want to look into if you really want to improve your with Market her that's pretty much where you have to stop but if you want to look into improving it even more you want to also set up your dkim dkim record as well and this is going to further increase your inboxing if you're sending out a lot of emails right now and you're hitting the promo tab or the spam inbox a lot these two things right here are going to help you dramatically okay D dramatically it's like the the back in the beat DJ version of dramatically right there so next thing I want to get into is making sure your domain itself is not blacklisted for example we had a person hop on about a week ago and they had a big list and they were sending out emails but every single email went to the spaming box and as you can see right here you know delivery like I just showed you in that that picture is not an issue okay once you have your SPF sub but what you're going to notice a lot of times and what you want to check especially if you're seeing this problem and you're consistently in the spam inbox it might be the domain you're sending to in the the account or email you're sending from for example one of my just email addresses long time ago at a website you st just would always hit the spam inbox and it just got blacklisted in Google's Gmail for some reason the way around this was simply changing the email so instead of making it like alexm marketer.com it would be like Bob marketer.com or Alexander marketer.com or IO that's our website so that's another thing you really want to look at right there and that's that's kind step two if you're still hitting the promo Tab and stuff like that and then what I want to show you to do uh inside of here is really how to go out there and troubleshoot your email so what I like to do I'm going to kind of walk you through my entire process is you know first off you want to make sure that you have the SPF set up and so with this email right here I usually send from Chuck's email at Market hero so if you see anything from Chuck that's why I send for him because the the delivery is just so good from this email right here uh when you're sending for Market hero so then what we're going to do right here is I'm just going to select who I'm going to mail to let's just say I'm saying the source wave right now and actually I'll change this to Source wave okay cool now what I do and I don't so do this anymore at Market hero because um it hits the inbox regardless of what I do I could put free money in the title it still hits the inbox but what I want to do is let me just go pick an email right here that has um maybe some money let me just type in money right here let's find one that has like money in the key the headline there all right so here we go right here so here's an email basic one right here to get sent out and I want to show you how to really troubleshoot these emails if you hit the promo tab or the spam inbox so there's a series of tests that I do when I'm sing at a test email I'm sending to myself so if I send out a test email or I send a test email out to myself and I see it hit the promo tab or the inbox the largest culprit is probably going to be your subject so the first thing I'm going to do right here is I'm going to put in um I'm going to change the the subject line to basic subject line okay so I'm just going to make it so that there's zero reason why the title would be a reason for us not to hit the inbox okay and so what's going to happen first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to hit that and I'm going to send that to myself again okay and when that goes and hits uh the promo tab again I know okay cool it's not the headline it's something in the content of the email there's just sometimes where a section of your email is going to cause that so the next caller that's going to happen right here is probably going to be your images okay so again with Market hero if you're sending stuff in the image area uh if you're sending images you're going to inbox anyways but if you're using other R SM you're probably going to run into this where if you send an image a lot lot of times it's going to hit the promo tab it's almost the difference between hitting the inbo and the promo tab a lot of time so all you need to do is just simply remove the image okay just remove the image send out the email see if that's the reason it didn't hit okay and if you're still hitting the promo tab it has to be something in your text okay and there's a lot of ways you can get around this okay so words like you know free money uh income all this all the stuff to Chuck run in there what I like to do or what I used to do when I was at another odd responder and I'm not I'm not going to pick fun at other OD responders I do that enough but what I would do is I'd find sub subs for these words basically words that mean the same thing and people read them the same way but they don't trigger the same spam response okay so what I'll do is I'll first actually go through and I'll look at certain sections that might trigger it off so I'm look at this one right here if any of them have dollars on your online business right here so what I would do is I delete this section and then send out the email again okay and if it's still in the promo tab it's not that section I just gradually remove sections uh until there's nothing left in the email okay and this is a pain usually you're going to hit hit the inbox by this time but if you're not right there when you get to the section that is knocking you out of the inbox okay uh and if just by the way if you if you have a normal email and it goes out and hits the promo tab there's something wrong with your domain you're sending from or the autoresponder you're sending from it's more than likely your domain there's no autoresponder out there that can't hit the inbox with a proper email um so once you realize which part of it is knocking you out of inbox just put a quick note down like put the put the subject of the paragraph somewhere in the text file so you can kind of see stuff that c es the promo tab from your autoresponder so what I do a lot of times when I'm writing my emails just to avoid this the first time around is when I say when I want to say free in the email I'll say no cost okay when I want to talk about money I'll say bucks or buckaroos okay I I'll use slang for money instead of using the word dollars or money or stuff like that okay when I say income I'll talk about you know um you know I something generated income actually works pretty well um like a lot of people will say money generated and stuff like that um or you know how much money you make a year I'm going to say it will increase your income um it will increase stuff like that so one thing you want to do when you're thinking about writing out emails and stuff like that um what what I could do like if you want I'm just saying if you like want to type in like porn or something I'm not saying you're going to type in porn I just want to show you how you want to think about you put in maybe you know adult videos okay or something like that you want to change the words around whatever you're doing so that was a weird example actually way to offend everybody but like payday loans okay like if you put in like payday loans into whatever you're typing out out there you could put in something instead of like get the bucks on the same day okay that's not like proper English but you can see how like I go in and kind of describe with this type of loan okay you can see that's that's really a weird way of saying payday loans but I want you to take away that there's ways you can change the text to get out of the promo Tab and still get your message across in your email so you know these are just some tips right here and this is exactly the process I go to to make sure I hit the inbox every single time because when you hit the inbox if you get a 20% 30% higher inboxing rate uh you make more money you make 30% more money it's one of the easiest things you can do to increase the income your business makes that being said um if you want to get this like I showed you before you know we're inboxing with the titles free money and putting images and all sorts of stuff in our emails you know Market hero does that if you have your SPF set up correctly but you know if you're on other I responders this is a process you should probably be going through and you need to set your SPF no matter where where you're at okay a lot of a responders don't make people do that when they come inside um we do and the reason for that is because you know a lot of a SPS want people get in with least resistance as possible but there's a downside to that it kills their delivery it makes their IPs just awful so uh that's exactly what I do and that's what we require at Market here so we keep our IPS really clean and delivering good so this is just a quick little checklist if you're interested in getting this type of delivery just try the free trial below this video uh and if not stay where you're at and use these tips to go and increase your delivery so this has been Becker and I will see you around the general vicinity of Market hero okay take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: standardonboard
VIDEO ID: ijaQpdYk2rU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijaQpdYk2rU
================================================================================

[Music] New Market hero member what is up this is Becker wait hold up this is not an upsell video these videos that you're about to watch are essential to you getting results and being able to use Market hero and on top of that they only take like 5 minutes and I'm going to give you a free t-shirt for watching these super short videos and import this entire funnel that I have right in front of you right here into your Market hero account full scripts everything so you can use it right away why because these videos are super important important to getting results with this what we're going to cover in these videos are the essentials AKA setting up your tracking importing leads and then sending broadcasts and using the funnels inside of Market hero they take no time at all to watch so just watch it I'm going to send you a ton of free stuff as a thank you first thing I want to get into in this video is setting up your tracking it's the easiest thing in the entire world and what this is going to allow you to do is when you're working inside your streams or you're searching up your leads you're going to be able to see the actual dollar value that they're going to go out there and generate you so if I go right here and find everybody with this tag in my system and then I go right here and click generate LTV uh these people were uploaded a little less than like a week ago you can see I'm already making 61 cents per email this is going to go up and up and up the more things I promote and sell to this customer base so what we want to do so we can get that tracking set up is you're going to go over here to products this tab right here you can bounce this in and out if you want to read it and you're going to click new product you're going to fill out all this stuff right here you're going to set the price you're going to set a category that's related to whatever business you have in there and then what you're going to be able to do is come on down here and you're going to have a list of products that you've add in the system so if you're selling two or three things what you want to do is go add those in the system and the amount they're going to make you for every sale that comes in so what we're then going to get is something that looks like this and so you can go in here and edit anything if you want but what we're going to do right here is we're just going to click this little graph icon and it's going to give us a tracting pixel now what we want to then do is go to any page that is our thank you page AKA page people only see if they buy something and you're going to go up here uh any page this is just optimize press and you want to go into the header and copy and paste that code that's it your sales tracking your sales automation is done you can build stuff in Side Market here that reacts based on what people are buying just by this quick copy and paste I want you to appreciate this because there's no other system on the planet that's this easy you have to replace your cart do a whole bunch of BS uh and your tracking is done immediately inside Market hero just like that so that's exactly how that works don't go do it right now just watch the rest of these videos they're super short and then go inside Market hero there's going to be a little help tab that will show you exactly how to do all this again just want to get you caught up to how Market hero works and the big benefits so the next video we're going to get into importing your leads and how that's going to work

================================================================================
TITLE: Increase Shopify Sales 300% With Market Hero
VIDEO ID: pD5mHTZk5NM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD5mHTZk5NM
================================================================================

okay guys what I want to show you in this video is really the true power when you combine Market hero with Shopify and it allows you to do stuff you just can't do anywhere else this video is going to shock you almost with what you're able to do and how it's going to change your marketing with Market hero not only are you able to run abandoned curent sequences not only are you able to upsell your customers and sell them stuff that they're interested in purchasing in what you're also able to do is track everything they do in every purchase they make so you're able to calculate the long-term value for every customer that comes to your store let's imagine a person comes to your store and buy a $10 product right now you don't have the data to tell you how much that person is worth to you in 2 months 3 months 6 months how much they're buying from you how much they open your emails now with Market hero when you go inside of Shopify with it what you're able to do is calculate everything they buy after that so what you're going to be able to do is see wow you know usually people that buy this $10 product also buy this product and they're worth about $75 to me in the long run after a year once you en know that information it changes your marketing forever cuz your value per customer goes from10 bucks to $75 that changes up your ad game just a little bit let me show you how you're able to track this and know exactly what your customers are doing know exactly how much they're worth to you so you can completely change your marketing by doing this so we're inside the Shopify app right now I put in the market Hero app and I have a few things that happen right here when a person comes in they have a tag applied to them and more importantly what happens whenever they buy a product we have a specific tag and a specific sequence or value applied to them or purchase tag that shows us they buy B this product so let's imagine a person comes to our store right now we're going to go I'm going to open up an incognito window and we're from the customer's point of view right now so we're going to go and buy this t-shirt inside of our store so going through going to add this sucker to the cart and I'm going to go through the basic checkout process now what you're going to see right now I'm just going to put in um Beckers hotmail.com I I don't know whose email that is but thank you for the compliment I'm just going to fill out the shipping information FY not a address and when we go on right here and I hit continue the shipping method just going to go through the standard checkout process I want to show you what's happened already inside Market hero so if we go back over to Market hero and I'm going to jump over here to our leads and open this in a new window when we go into Market hero right here what's going to show is that this person has started the checkout process so and you can see right here the app or the tag has already been applied to it the app has gone in and applied the tag and so it's happened right here is it shows us it started the T-shirt process so here's where things start to get really cool so we go back over to our stream or funnel what happens whenever the tag start shirt is applied that's applied automatically when they're going through the checkup process this funnel is going to start and so what it's going to do is it's going to wait five minutes and it's going to sort people by their tag that they have applied to them so if they have the tag bot shirt they bought the shirt it's going to sort them and send them down to an upsell if they have not bought the shirt after 5 minutes it means they abandoned the cart so we can start an abandon cart sequence just like that that's going to increase your sales by like 30% right there just cuz you're able to follow up with people that aband the cart and sell sell more to people that have already bought you can sell them something they're already interested in as well but it gets even better than that cuz we want to get in a long-term tracking so let's go back to the store let's go back from the customer's point of view we're going to go here and we're going to continue to the payment method and we're going to just check out like normal so we're going to complete the order gets processed and what you're going to see happen inside of Market hero right now when we go and look at that lead so when we go back over to our lead section you're going to see the value of this customer is now $25 he bought a shirt so we can see that he bought a shirt we can see everything that he bought under his purchases but look you know people can buy multiple shirts they can go buy multiple products so we want to calculate how much this person Buys in the future as well so let's imagine this person comes back a week later and by the way what we have going on this stream right here the same stream will start again the same followup sequence we'll start again because we're going to remove the tag start shirt so the next thing they start the sequence again they'll get start and sent right down this funnel all over again let's imagine we're at customer again okay we go back to the T-shirt site okay so we're back in the T-shirt site you know what we really like that t-shirt I mean this this t-shirt we want to give it to our kids we want to give it to our dog we want to give it to everybody so we're going to go through and we're going to buy another t-shirt now I'm going to skip this right here actually we can just watch it and what we're going to do is we're just going to fil everything all the same again so what just happened is I'm going through the checkup process again filling this out and so here's the really cool part okay we're going to be able to track exactly how much this person is worth to us in the long term so I'm going to complete this order again okay so the order has been completed again we're going to go back over to this lead and inside of Market hero and you can see the value of the lead has been increased to $50 okay we can see everything they've purchased pretty cool right that means we can go out there and we can calculate the value of every single customer comes to our store so the true power of that let's imagine we have thousands of customers coming through our store and we want to calculate exactly how much every single person that comes in is worth to us in the long term so I can go right here let's just use an example right here from a store that I run online U my own business actually if I go right here and I go to generate LTV it tells me exactly how much every single person it com comes in so what I'm going to be able to do here in a little bit when I go through my business right here is I'm going to be able to go and see exactly how much every single person that starts the checkout process is worth to me I can see everything they buy from Me Maybe you promote affiliate products down the road maybe you promote other stores you can go in and every every single sale that's in there is going to be calculating so you can see so day you can say wow dude for every $20 purchase that I've sold I'm actually making $120 off that customer CU they come back and buy two or three more things on average that changes your business forever and that's why you need to hop on the free TR that I've linked to in this post because there's nothing else that can do this okay there's nothing else that's going to give you your long-term value and calculate the amount you're making and average it all out so you can really grow your store strategically once you have this number once you have your LTV for example if I go right here and look at this one tag and say how many of how many of these people are there and how much are they worth to me I can see it's $25 each you know why I grow my business I buy leads for $ to $6 and I just grow it to the freaking Moon same exact thing with your Shopify store but there's nothing else that does this so so hop on the free trial above just the the card abandonment and the upsell ability right there is going to increase your sales by 20 to 30% alone and then being able to go out there and do this this will allow you to 3x 4X 5x your business like I have with my businesses in the past two years so that's all there is to it uh I this blows my mind it's so freaking cool we finished this up the other day I just wanted to share it with you all right this has been Becker

================================================================================
TITLE: How To Get Email Subs To Spend $8,000 and Open Every Email You Send....
VIDEO ID: LatnQXgHReg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LatnQXgHReg
================================================================================

[Music] hey you cool email marketer you what's going on this is Becker CEO of Market hero again and what we're going to be getting to in this video uh something that's very important and a lot of people Overlook and that's how to bring a lead onto your list to make sure they stay on your list for a long time look you bring people in from ads and if you're able to get them to adopt and hop on your list and open your emails and actually become a commended customer that person's going to be buying from you for years and that increases your value of a person that jumps on your email list from maybe 16 to $50 to $60 and outrageous stuff because these people eventually buy everything you're sell so I'm going be talking to you right now about how to bring on a lead turn them into a fan that consistently buys from you without you even needing a sales page so we're going to hop into that right now in the market here blog and uh that's all there is to it so let's do it okay guys so we're inside Market hero and if you want to go create a free TR blow and follow along um I think you should because what I'm about to show you another other system on the planet can do and this one little step right here is going to be why everything in this video is going to generate you or 2x or 3x your business if you go and apply it because nobody does this nobody tracks this and this is why nobody thinks like I'm about to show you how to think so you can see right here if we just type in one tag of people that came on uh to my email list right here it's about $83 people I paid about $6 per lead and on average I made about $26 back long-term value from the people that came on this list now like always in every video we're going to focus on getting the long-term value the amount on average every lead pays for on a list to absurdly high numbers because because when we have this I'm paying $6 lead I can keep scaling my business to the Moon okay and you're going to see how to do this in this video and the real key to this and the real three factors that go into this equation are the length of time you can get people to stay on your list the amount of opens clicks and uh interactions with your business every time they open and click an email that's a new time to be sold to and the amount they buy and the thing I'm going to show you the simple stuff I'm going to show you in this video increases all of those things to the point where you get a massive Roi Pro lead in fact I'm going to show you how if you get one lead out of a thousand people to become a longtime List member they can pay for a, leads four times over okay so the whole key to this and the whole point of this video is to get people to stay in your list for the longest amount of time possible and open and click and interact and like your business as much as possible and there's a really simple trick to doing this but you need to understand three rules before we get into this the first thing you need to understand is there's no such thing as buyers if you've been in internet marketing for any amount of time people are going to tell you there's free B Chasers and then there's buyers and if you can get an email list for people that have bought something from you they're going to buy 10 times more but you don't want freebie chasers on your list and this just isn't true whenever you run an opt-in online whenever people opt into your blog they haven't bought from you yet they're after whatever free bait or whatever thing you're offering to join your email list now look almost 95% of people that join your email list have a credit card almost 98% of people that have joined your email list have bought something online there's no such thing as a person that that is not an online buyer in this day and age especially if they're opting in this stuff the problem is they don't have enough trust and Rapport and positive expectation to buy from you they are buying stuff everywhere they're just not buying from you what we need to do is convert them into buyers into people that trust us the difference between a freebie Chase and a buyer is a buyer has already interacted with your brand they've already bought something from you they gone to know you and they have hopefully positive expectations to buy more from you that's the only difference they've had time to build trust and Report I'm sure you've opted into email us before where person starts trying to sell you right away and you know what happens you never open their emails you never do anything with that business again because you don't know what the freck they're about all you know is that they're just trying to get money out of you that's why a lot of freebie Chasers become very worthless leads now the next thing you need to understand is the best sales tactic is positive expectations if you go into the Apple Store there's not a zero there's no copywriting in the entire store there isn't like big signs that say it does this this and that and the features it's actually in very small text next to the computers if you look at any businesses online that are killing it the reason they're so successful is not because they have amazing copyright people focus on selling and copyrighting and all sorts of stuff out there that's not it okay the thing is their customers have positive expectations they know if they buy something from the person it's going to work it's going to be good okay so you need understand when we ingrain positive expectations of people we don't even need copyrighting for example I launched a online university we had a a very very weak sales page and we grew the business to a believe $40,000 a month reoccurring income reoccurring income uh with this very weak sales page just by saying hey guys we're opening up something new it's going to be great uh we can only let 300 people in boom sold out literally in minutes okay so we have to ingrain these positive expectations so people buy without needing to be sold to this is huge now the next thing you need to understand also the positive expectations before we hop to the next part is that if people have positive expectations they're going to click open and stay on your list for a very long time now the final thing you need to understand is it only takes one long-term buyer okay and we're going to be creating many more than just one long-term buyer out of a thousand but it only takes one person out of a th who absolutely loves you to pay for an entire list of leads okay so for example say we get a th000 optin at $3 a pop that's kind of the average-ish you can get on Facebook and other sources that will cost us $3,000 now look there are people just like this on my list that been on my list since 2013 okay um there's people on my list in the past year that have done this we have multiple people that will come on my list and just one person buys a $1,200 per year software we have for example a software called Source machine it's $99 per month that's $1,200 per year we have people that have been on it for almost a year now okay then another person or the same person goes and buys a $2,000 per year service we have another service that is $200 a month okay that's about $2,400 a year let's just round it down to 2,000 boom just right there that one person is paid for that list of a th000 leads now here's the kicker every once in now again I'll pitch a program that's $5,000 or $8,000 uh through one of my Affiliates or or someone out there now um these are very high prices and I make sure these programs are amazing and get results that being said that being said I have multiple people on my list have done this exact thing this exact thing and this one person has paid for a thousand leads off of Facebook that's absolutely huge and so what we need to really focus on is not selling up front not going and getting the best C and being as salesy as possible what we want to do is we want to create as many of these people as we possibly can if we have two to three of these people per thousand we are killing it we're smoking it and the business explodes that's why right here I want to show you this if you go into Market hero and then we go down to my uni ad funnel right here this is just a simple ad we got about 31 leads into it okay by the end of the funnel they make me about $484 that's pretty good if you're paying about $4 per lead I just created a list of 31 people um essentially for free from Facebook so I'm paying about four bucks per lead in this Niche right here but here's the kicker all right the pro the people and all the trust I built from this list uh it doesn't end when they get to the end of the the stream the end of the funnel right here and what you're going to see happening right here is we go right here and we look and that person gets tagged with uni funnel right here when they went through um what you're going to see and this is it's usually not going to be this consistent the conversions are not going to be this crazy but you can see right here we got about 30 contacts on here okay and two of these contacts right here bought I believe one of them bought the Hero Academy uh from Market her right here and another one went through and bought a multiple thousand course and so just these 31 people right here on average I generated $54 per lead all right you can see how valuable just two people in this everybody else in the list hasn't even bought anything okay these people might be be dead leads but you can see when they come through on the list how valuable they are if you can go and build those positive expectations if you can build that amount of trust you only need one or two people to do this so let's get into how to do this now step one and you can try to do this with other tracking if you want you need to go inside of Market hero and you need to go and create your tracking pixels this is how we're going to track what people are buying from us in the first month the first six months the first year the first two years the first three years and this is how we go and calculate that LTV okay that's so important that's so incredibly important if you can't track this you're not going to see the benefits of doing what I'm about to tell you but once you track this it becomes so comically easy to grow your list in leads because you see exactly how much every single one is worth to you so what happens next is I this is a basic option I've ran forever okay I've been running this forever because it's just so profitable I showed you exactly how much people are worth to me when they come on my list okay so I do something a little bit differently than other people when leads opt in all right so I'm just going to enter this email right here so you don't understand when most people op to an email list the first thing everyone's going to tell you to do is sell sell sell right away to make up the cost for leads you can do that that works it'll make you break even but here's what it's going to cut you cut your earnings in half over the long term because what happens when you sell to somebody right away is they don't get to know your business they don't have a chance to become in their mind a buyer they don't know who you are when you email them they don't they don't know if you have their their best interest in mind they don't know anything about you okay so there's no chance to build any positive expectations but here's what I do okay and I'll actually link to this video um in a call out annotation on YouTube when you're watching this video be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel as well it's it's groovy um that being said in this video right here what I do is I introduce myself as Alex Becker I say hey look everything you just opted in for is right here at the bottom of the page you're going to get everything we're not even going to try and sell you we're not you can see right here I say this is not a sales video because I want them to listen up I say look my name is Alex Becker I'm the CEO of source wave we help tons of people get SEO results we're going to be sending you a ton of 100% free training that is awesome it's going to help you out so much and on top of that what you just opt for we're not only going to give that to you we're going to deliver 10 times that we're going to give you a free train that shows you how to go out there and make money with it to build it around your business whatever you want to do with it on top of what you just opted in for so what did I just create here one the person knows who I am so when they get an email from Source wve they know hey that's that cool guy who gives me cool stuff two when they see an email from Source they go hey it's probably that training and extra cool stuff you told me about three I overd deliver right here without being salesy or pushy and what happens is that creates positive expectation the result is people are open my emails they're clicking my emails and when I eventually sell to them guess what they're going to have give me money it's probably going to be something good because right here they gave me their email and something good happened okay so they go through and they get the training next thing happens they see one of my emails they click on it they get more training and something better happens they get they get even more training and more free cool stuff and then I send another email with more free value and training more positive expectations are built and then I pitched them then I pitched to them at that point in time and that's how I get really really high conversions with very simple sales Pages you can see for example right here here's one of our sales pages right here for Source University okay extremely extremely extremely simple and all you can see is I just put testimonials right here there's almost there's almost no copy on this page at all this thing converts like crazy when I mail people from my email list that's it and I have a sales video right here that's it it's very very simple and so that's how I get people to convert really highly now I want to show you the funnel behind this right here here's the exact funnel that people are opting in from uh when they come in so let's zoom in a sec and I'm going to show this to you um so when we go in here we look at the funnel right here you can see from the actually this email right here every single person we've generated almost $4,000 just from that welcome video remember that first welcome video where I didn't sell anything at the end of the first training what I do is I simply link to Source University and say hey if you want to hop in on this uh here's a crazy discount if you like this training that you just got you're probably going to like a load more and you can see right here we've generated a ton from it we have a 55% open rate on this email 36% click-through rate because of the the positive expectations that I create okay so as we keep going down the funnel what we do is we just keep sending people more training you can see from this email right here a 35% open rate absolutely huge because of positive expectations and what's in this email right here you can see I'm generated $2,000 from this email right here and this is just a value email I'm making money simply sending out valuable information so if we go right here and we just look at the email what's happening right here I'm just sending them training I'm just sending them training in the simplest email format right here and so when they go through and they click on this we go right here and we teach them something cool and so you can see how you can see how this blows up my cost my my long-term value per lead because people trust me and at the very end of this funnel right here guess what happens you know they go through the funnel and then maybe that's when I'm going to pitch them that $5,000 product that's when I'm pitch them that $88,000 product now is every going to buy that no maybe one two or three people out of a thousand will buy that but but because of that guys that they pay for everything that's how I get that massive long-term value and the only way you can do that is by creating that positive expectation and trying to convert every single person that comes onto your list into a buyer when you try and sell up front and you get a 3 5% conversion rate after the optin 5% of people become long-term customers when you do this 50 70% 80% I don't know the exact metric become long-term customers they come people that trust you and they become those one or three people maybe they didn't buy upfront but they become one of those three people that buys that $5,000 product from you so that is why this is so damn important that is why this is why this is the best way to sell and this is why the best this is the best way to make that 8X 10x eventually after two years you know maybe 20x Roi and every single lead that comes onto your email list it's huge it's huge so that being said this is the lesson for today remember create positive expectations to keep people on your list longer and then Focus on creating making every single freebie Chaser that jumps on your list a buyer and then remember it only takes one two or three people to pay for a th000 leads remember that so this has been Becker again there's a free trial of Market hero below if you want to do all the marketing all the stuff I just showed you in this video you want to be able to go and see exactly how much you're making from your funnel and everything coming down the line this is where you want to be at so create a free trial below it's 100% risk-free and uh I can't wait to see you in there if you have any questions join our Facebook group group linked below this video and uh you can talk bleed you can talk business you can do whatever you want to do in it so this been Becker I'll see you in the next video on the market hero blog

================================================================================
TITLE: NewVids
VIDEO ID: Tz1awyqzhEk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tz1awyqzhEk
================================================================================

[Music] okay all right all right I'll stop I'm sorry I'm just excited you know why because the date and time below you and I are going to be getting together I'm in fact going to be in that very chair right there it's going to be 100% live and hopefully you'll be at the same chair right now and we're going to be getting together to talk about my email funnel does generating me over $112,000 per day and in fact allowed me to build my first business to $4 million now what's really cool is in this video you're actually going to see the funnel you don't even have to wait till the webinar because I want to be able to focus on the next 30 days when we get in the webinar specifically if you are a beginner I'm going to show you how to build an income from an email list in the next 30 days you'll be able to go through and mathematically do this and if you already have a business right now I'm going to show you how to be on the path to 2x in your monthly income in the next 30 days guaranteed and what you're going to see in this webinar it's very straightforward and you're not actually going to lose a single Dollar on ads in fact we can start all of this with simply free traffic and once we get the metrics well you can stick to free traffic if you want but you're not going to want to because we're going to get into a point where we can spend $2 and make $4 back $8 back $16 back like clockwork that's the whole focus of this webinar the 8xi and I know that sounds nuts that's what this webinar is for to explain this nuts idea to you and make it extremely straightforward and basic but in this webinar you be going like duh that's that's so simple why don't I do that so that's what we're going to be getting into this is not a fluff and butt webinar this is not some crazy 60-minute pitch this is going to be non-stop content it's going to be a very very quick webinar and uh you need to be there live cuz I'm going to be there 100% live with you so that being said let's hop on my computer let's break down this funnel what we're looking at right now is the 8X email funnel we're going to be building in this webinar inside of Market hero now we're going to be working inside of Market hero a whole lot so what I've done is I've given you the ability to create a free account below this video so you can go play around in the system and kind of build along with us in the webinar now here's why this is going to change your business forever and here's why you must attend you can see right here when a person Ops in through an optin looks just like this on one of my businesses Source wave in the first two weeks through the tracking set of Market Hero by the way there's no other system on the planet that does this as I go through this font CR Market here they're worth $8.32 to me in the first two weeks then after a short period of time they are worth $22 for M now I'm going to tell you a secret here it usually only cost me $3 to$ four to get someone to opt in to one of these opt-ins on Source web that means for every single person that comes to my email list for every dollar I spend I'm almost making six to eight back for every dollar I spend that means I'm able to add hundreds of thousands yes hundreds of thousands of people to my email list every single year at an 8X profit and I'm not doing anything complicated I'm just sending them down the simple funnels you're going to see in this webinar live now also when you attend I want to heavily reward you not only is there a link right below this video that will allow you to create a market hero account for free so you can build along with me I'm also going to transplant this 8X funnel into into your account with email swipes but you have to attend if you want me to do this for you we're not going to just give this out to everybody and the email swipes will be embedded into the email so all you have to do is simply follow along with the funnel that's already built in your account and then write in what is talked about inside of each email on top of that I'm going to be giving you a 60 to 80% opt-in rate template that I've been using in almost every single business I've created that routinely gets me 60 to 80% optim rates regardless of the niche weight loss coaching Consulting SEO internet marketing it works in all of them and you're going to be actually shocked when you see it this is why you need to attend because if you can go out there and just get a two a 3X and you will be able to do that with the information you're going to get in this webinar imagine how this is going to allow your business to take off imagine adding 10,000 new people to your business's email list this month and making a profit on it imagine adding 20,000 new subscribers over the next two to three months to your business 30,000 new followers to your business at a massive profit AKA they're paying for themselves and then giving you money on top of that this is what it's all about this is getting paid to create a massive following online this is what scaling an online business is all about so in short you have to attend this webinar this is going to change everything for you I am not exaggerating this at all once I discovered how to put this in my business my business went from a struggling business to a $5 million preyear business I'm going to show you how to do exactly the same if you're plateauing if you're having trouble Skilling your business if you just don't know how to get your business to seven figures a year or high six figures this is going to break it down and make make it straightforward and easy so be on the lookout for more emails from us again go below right now create your free account inside of Market hero so you can follow along and play around with it okay it's 100% free right now you'll be able to see the webinar play around see everything you can do with it and that's what we're going to be get into I don't want to sit in this webinar pitching Market hereo the whole time I want you to have it in your hands already and I want to teach you and educate you on how to use these systems how to use this type of marketing to grow your business to the moon like I have so I'll see you live on the call again this is going to be 100% live attend there are not going to be any replays all right I'll see you on the call

================================================================================
TITLE: How I Generated A List of 100k+ Emails Off Facebook
VIDEO ID: wdOIlo8nbjc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdOIlo8nbjc
================================================================================

Yo yo yo, what's happening dog? How's it hanging? Okay, I'm not going to talk like that ever again on this blog. I'm so sorry. Hey, hey, what's up? This is Becker and in today's video on the blog, I'm going to be breaking down an ad strategy that I've been using that I believe is really the entire key to building a multi-million dollar business online. And if you just nail this one ad strategy, uh you start off on Facebook and you can span anywhere, you make millions of dollars, the end. It's it's inevitable if you just execute on this. So, that's what we're going to be breaking down today. And you need to stay tuned because it's gonna be super cool. All right. Yeah. Awkward intro. Good. Good job. Everything changes. Okay. Hey there, buddy. Old pal. Welcome back to the blog. We got the second video on here. And what I'm going to be breaking down today is really all about advertising and how simple advertising can be when you are able to use what I like to call the LTV, which we discussed in the last video on the blog. You can go check it out. There should be a link below this video. If not, you can hang out here. That's cool. You don't need to educate yourself anymore. This is this is enough. It actually is. So, when I see a lot of people get into advertising, you might be watching this video right now and you might have bought advertising in the past and it just didn't work. It was too expensive. Okay? For example, uh when I first started Source Wave, my first multi-million dollar business, I remember when I first started buying ads and getting leads and my whole business lived and died by leads. I'd be launching products. I'd be doing all sorts of content marketing to get leads into the business. And um so I'd buy ads being like, man, if I can get more leads, I make more money. But the thing is, I was paying $4 to5 per ad. And I was like, well, this is just too expensive. This is too expensive. I have to go back to breaking my back and making content and doing all sorts of other things. And and that's where I see a lot of businesses struggle because they have to jump through hoops and go do all these maddening things to get leads and customers into their business because they can't turn on a button on Facebook and just have traffic come in. And it it drives me up a wall. So I'm going to show you in this video how to go out there and buy the traffic, what to target, and then how to view it at. So this is easy. I talked about in the last video, my whole entire traffic system, advertising method just goes to buying leads for less than $8.32. Now, you need to understand, a lot of people when they buy traffic think, man, Alex, are you how do you how do you balance out the risk of spending a h 100red bucks a day? You know, I don't have a hundred bucks a day to spend on advertising. Look, this isn't like some um casino, okay, where you go and put a hundred bucks down on Red and if you lose, you double down. No, you don't. If you if you lose a hundred bucks on Red, you you stop putting money on Red and you adjust your ad until you're making money back. We don't ever spend money without money coming back. Okay? If you're in a larger business, for example, I'll spend maybe $1,000 testing an advertisement, for example, like a new webinar, stuff like that. However, however, when it comes to smaller ads and stuff like that, I'll usually spend about 10 to 20 bucks and you can see if it's a stinker right away. Okay? You need to understand that. Now, when it comes to LTV, you won't exactly know right away, but we can see optin rates. We can see everything and how it's working right away. So, what we want to do first off is you want to get a couple of leads coming into your business. You want to probably get maybe 100 to 200 leads. If you're broke and just starting out, if you're a beginner, broke is a mean term, but let's just face it, some people are. And if you follow that caveat, that's okay. You want to go and use organic methods that I'm going to be covering on the blog or you can check out inside of Market Hero. And what you can do with that is you just get people onto your email list and you track everything they do and you track your LTV. So what you want to do uh if you're an existing business is you just want to start buying ads and you want to run an optin I'm about to show you. Now what you want to do is track everything those leads doing and track the LTV. For example, in this funnel it's worth $8.32 to me. If I go and see exactly how much people let's just go from one ad right here. All right. So this is a list of people that we got from one advertisement. We got 757 people on this promotion and everybody that came in through this in the first week was worth $19.28. So I simply buy leads for less than that amount. That that's it. So what you want to do is we want to go out there and we want to click optins. So you want to go and create a bait in your niche. Now what we're looking at is the world's ugliest optin page. This is also the world's highest converting optin page. I have tried every single optin template known to man. I've tried pretty ones. I've tried videos. You can go test them all yourself. It's going to frustrate you. Or you can just take my advice right here and copy this. It's that easy. Uh so what this is, this format right here, and how I built this optin right here gets me consistently 50 to 60% optin rates. Now, the key to this is not the fact that it's just ugly. It's how I format it. Okay? So the first line you want right here, you want to say 100% free, whatever the person's getting, and make it a cheat list, a template, or something quick. Don't offer a free course. Don't offer anything timeconuming. You want a bite-size instant answer, instant gratification type of content. So then what you want right here is the benefit of it and what exactly it is and why they should get it with super low whatever. So you can see uh right here says the 524 most profitable SEO niches. That's clearly what it is. The benefit to it is it has super low competition. Okay, it's profitable, has super low competition. Then what you use this final line for is to talk to people about the uh objections they might have. For example, right here, each of these niches can generate up to $5,000 per sale. What people are thinking when they see super low competition, at least in the SEO niche, is these are worthless niches. So, that's what we do right there. Then, what I do is I like to get some social proof underneath it. And then I use a button that says download now. Click there. There you go. That right there is going to get you such higher optin rates. I don't know what to tell you. Like, I've tried everything. This is what works best for me in any niche. weightlifting, weight loss, SEO, internet marketing. Uh even use a variation of this to sell workout shakers at one point. So, this works really well for me and I've used this template over and over again. So, after that's done, what we want to do is we go and track our LTV like I talked about. And then we simply go and buy leads, the best leads we possibly get, especially if we're starting out for less than that LTV. Now, if we're just starting out, the best way to get the best leads possible on your list that start tracking LTV is to go and combine interest. Now, look, I'm sure you are thinking right now, well, you have to be some Facebook expert to go and do this and and run your advertising. You don't. You don't. To start your advertising, get your initial numbers. You don't need to be. Now, when it comes to scaling and stuff like that, maybe you want to hire someone to run your advertising. That's what I do. Now, you're probably thinking, "Well, Alex, that's expensive." Well, you're not hiring people to run your advertising until you're making guaranteed money back on your advertising. That's not how you want to do it. You don't want to be like making no money and then like pay someone to go figure it out for you because you're going to have to pay someone a lot of money to figure it out for you. This is how you figure out yourself. And you pass that figured out problem to someone else to scale. That's how you should look at advertising. That's how you should look at paying people to run your advertising. Okay? Usually only about 15% of your ad spend. And uh that's very low considering how much they save you when you're scaling. So, let's get it started. First thing you want to do is actually research your niche. Crazy advice, I know. Now, we want to find a combination of n interests that kind of what's the word for it? Describe our perfect customer. So, say we're selling a ketogenic protein. We want a person that is a interested in working out, b interested in a ketogenic diet. That means they don't need any carbs, c likes other supplement brands, aka buy supplements. So, what we can do right here is we can go find a blog. All right. Mark's Daily Apple. This guy kind of created the whole uh primal blueprint diet right here. So, I'm going to put this in. I'm going to put marks daily apple. Now, if we want a larger audience, we can go and of course start adding more people into that. Okay. So, we can see the potential reach right here is 2,300 people. Cool. That's awesome. So, we have that right there. Now, let's narrow the audience. Let's put in um let's put in Dave Aspirate because this guy has a supplement that is also really closely related with the ketogenic diet. He has this type of coffee. Um it's a supplement company. So you can see um we have a potential reach of 3,600 people. Now this is not a ton of people, but if we're just starting off right here, we can go and target these people. Okay, we can target these people. These are going to be our perfect customers. These are people that are on a ketogenic diet that buy supplements. Okay, specifically ketogenic supplements, but I'm going to type in actually, let's go in narrow audience. I'm just going to play around with this so you can kind of see the audience that we want to target. Bulletproof, coffee. Okay, we got 3,900 people right here. So, we can make two different audiences targeting that. Now, we could also do um let's do let's say where's a workout? Who likes to work out? Let's do Mike Chang. You remember that guy from YouTube? Okay, there we go. Okay, we have another audience right here of 3100 people. So, we don't have to go out there and target mass audiences. You don't need to do that when you're starting up especially. Okay, if we can go out there and reach 580 of these people a day, maybe get 100 to 200 people like this on our list. Boom, there we go. And then we just create a duplicate audience targeting people that are similar to that. Now, if we really want to expand this audience, what we can do is also put in the Paleo diet, the Paleo mom, everyday Paleo. All right, so these are all like ketogenic diets right here. All right. So then we can narrow the audience again. Put in Mike Chang. Okay. How many people we got there? 4,700. Okay. So what we can also do is you can go research products are really popular niche. Okay. So we got like BSN right here. That's really popular workout supplements. So we have people that like this diet and we're going to type in BSN. Okay. So I'm not sure which one of these. This one right here, the larger one is probably the audience. So we can go find people that like both of these things. And we have 19,000 people that are on the Paleo diet and also like workout supplements. So, we want to get these people on our email list with that bait that we talked about before. So, we'd have like the three steps to having a completely paleo friendly diet or something. I don't know. You're going to have to come up with your own bait. I'm not an expert in this niche. So, once we've done that, uh, you're consistently going to get 50 to 60% optin rates with the optin I gave you, as long as you set up your bait the right way. It's going to take a little bit of experimenting, but there you go. So, what you can do right here, especially if you go and advertise the mobile, is you can probably get your bids down to about two bucks right here, especially if you have a good click-through rate. So, that means you're probably going to be getting leads for three to four bucks consistently. These are super targeted leads, though. And so, then all you want to do is just go out there and track everything they do. So, that means we're going to be getting leads for about four bucks. That's usually what I pay in the internet marketing niche is way more competitive uh than this niche I would assume because it's much smaller and the people are more jaded and the people selling are much more skilled I would think because all of us marketers are sharks I suppose anyways that's what you're going to be getting leads in for and then you just want to go out there and track it. So let's imagine we're pay $4 per lead but we're making $8 back in the first three weeks or in the other example I showed you $19 back in the first couple days. um you're going to kill it. And then the print money, all you do is simply buy more traffic. That's it. You just go in here and and buy more traffic from Facebook. And if you don't know how to buy more traffic, you don't know how to scale, you just pay someone because you can go, "All right, great. You know what? Um I'm making, you know, $8 per lead. I want you to get me leads for less than eight bucks. I want you to get me leads for less than five bucks, so I'm profiting in the first three weeks. I want you to get me leads for less than $19." Um which you can do really easily. And then you're profiting four times over in the first five days. That's all you do. And then you just run up the tab on Facebook because for every dollar you're spending, you're making at least two back. And that's how you print money. That's how you create a seven figureure business. That's all there is to it. Once you get this process down right here, this short process I just covered right here, you're done. All right? You kick back and you control your business and you grow it. Your only your only challenge is buying leads for less than $8 at this point. So that's all there is to it. So this is exactly how I've ran my advertising for years. This is how simple of a concept it is. It doesn't require a complete course. It doesn't require anything crazy out there. You might need to go spend some time investing in learning the Facebook, you know, ad tool. But other than that, that's it. That's it. And once you get it down, I suggest you just pass off your advertising to someone else because it's super costefficient when you did do that. It's not like you're paying a hard, it's just a simple hard cost to it. It's not like you're taking money out of pocket and paying on a risk. When you pay someone else to run it, it's straightforward, easy, because then they run it for you and keep the leads under a certain amount. So, that's all there is to it. This has been Becker and in the next video, we're going to be getting into a consulting funnel that you can use for your consulting business. Whether you're selling SEO, paid traffic management, heck, you're just talking to people, whatever you're doing. I know a lot of people watch this blog are consultants. I'm going to show you how to sell consulting va funnel that just works. Actually gets like a 4x ROI and you kind of do the math behind it. So, I'll see you in the next video. Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel. And like always, there is a free trial to Market Hero right below this video if you want to go and apply some of the things I covered uh for free and go check it out. It'll blow your mind. All right, I'll see you in the next video.

================================================================================
TITLE: JVzoo + Market Hero....
VIDEO ID: nDObRfL1bl0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDObRfL1bl0
================================================================================

[Music] what is up jvzoo members this south becker CEO of market hero instead of giving you some long drawn-out sales pitch and why you should use market hero I'm simply going to show you how you increase the amount of sales you make on your next launch by 30 to 40 percent simply by integrating with us I'm about to show you features and processes and behavioral based triggers that no other autoresponder is going to offer you and you're able to do it just with a few clicks inside of jvzoo trust me what I'm about to show you you've never been able to do before and it's going to increase the amount you make from your next launch your next product sale heck it's going to show you exactly how to go and grow your business because you're actually gonna be able to calculate exactly how much every single lead that comes in from jvzoo is making you in the long term it's going to change your business forever let me show you how so when the product edit tab right now and if I were to integrative mark here let me show you how simple it is to do everything after that so what we have set right here as I've said it so that when anybody buys anything from jvzoo this product what's going to happen is is going to assign the tag product day and in dollar sign bot a so it's going to tell us that someone bought this product and it's also going to start another action in our system that allows us to do a lot of deep automations like up celtic person if they don't buy upsell and then upsell them again if they don't buy the next upsell maybe down send them with a free product let me show you a simple that is to do you can see what I've done right here inside of market hero is I've gone and created what I like to call this start action by the way this whole builder right here you can build anything like this it's drag-and-drop it's easy to use so you can see right here I have what I call the start action now what happens when a tag product day is applied remember the tag we had applied when anybody buys our product inside of jvzoo what's going to happen is it's going to wait 30 minutes I have right here if a conversion pixel is hit so what's going to happen right here is going to wait 30 minutes and by the way placing a conversion pixel is easy you have Thank You page all you need to do is go to the products area right here copy a pixel place that pixel on the page you're done okay this signs a dollar value to every single person that views that page you're actually gonna be able to weigh that against each other so you can see exactly how much every single person from your last launch is making you over the span of three months six months year but anyways when that conversion pixels not hit in this example let's say they bought our first product and didn't buy the OTO by the way that's a huge amount of your sales what's going to happen is it's going to go wait 30 minutes and then send an email saying hey why didn't you buy this would you like another offer would you like a free trial would you like something else we're able to fall based on what the person does and we can go really crazy like I'm going to show you here in a second so let me show you another automation is cry created here just in a few seconds you can see right here what's going to happen again let's imagine the person goes through and they buy our first upsell okay but they haven't bought OTO number two what's going to happen again is I'm going to go here I made the tag OTO - okay now it's going to be set simply by placing it inside jvzoo like I just showed you now what's going to happen when they buy the first upsell again a pixel will wait to see if they bought or not okay when the guy haven't bought in 30 minutes they've had enough time to go and look at the upsell everything it's going to flow up again say hey why don't you pick this up then same exact conversion pixel you can follow up again and say hey why didn't you pick this up now at this point in time they haven't bought the final upsell that's kind of annoying maybe they need to trust a little bit more maybe they need some more information so what's going to happen right here is we're going to put a tag on them called nurture okay so we again put a start action right here again we can drag and drop it's that easy to put these all together just like drawing a cool picture there's a lot of nice colors I think and what's going to happen right here is a tag nurse is going to be applied and so we're going to set them down a funnel right here that sends them some valuable information some training whatnot so they like us a bit more over the next two days okay now what's going to happen at the end of this this is going to funny is when they go and finish this valuable information right here and we can set these tags and actions right here be based on anything we could have it based on whether they click an email if they open an email we can remove tags we can apply tags anything you would ever want to do a mission wise you can do in this system now what's really cool is when they go and finally complete this value it's going to sign as hag to them OTO two and boom it's going to send where I'd done this funnel again and start getting them pick up a OTO that they didn't pick up in the first place dramatically increasing your sales because you're marking the people based on what they've done and based on what they haven't bought now here's the real kicker and what I think is the coolest part of market hero here's another funnel like the one I just created but you can see it's a little bit more long it's a little bit more now what's going to happen when people go through this phone on what's already has happened is you can see right here at the top it actually calculates how much people were buying and it shows me exactly how much they're worth per lead so right here when a person opps in it tells me oh wow this person has gone through this and on average every single person goes through this funnel is making me an extra four dollars and 84 cents so we're able to see when somebody joins from jvzoo we can go and track everything they've done and go wow this recapture funnel I'm actually making another five bucks on top of what I'm already doing right there that's huge that shows me how much money is leaking out of my marketing right now now here's what's even cooler we all know that when someone buys from me the first time i jb z that's just a start and the person is now on your customer base and can be promoted to you can build rapport them they can buy a lot from me in the future in fact that's where most money and launches are made I've had six hundred thousand million dollar launches in the past and I'll tell you I always made almost twice three times the money in the back end through talking to my customers and getting to know them and gave them to buy other stuff for me so what is really core ID here let's imagine we do a super small launch in jvzoo 31 people okay so I can grow it here and not only can I sort people by what they've bought and what they've done and where they've gone for example here's everybody on my business source wave I can go and look at another business right here instantly there's no complicated list or anything like that crap that's another autoresponders but you can see right here what I have going on is that Gord here and I go okay everybody that came into this funnel everyone who bought this product how much do they worth to me over six months what else are they buying if I go an average all these people against each other on average how much of these people worth to me so I go right here and click generate LTV and it's going to tell me holy-moly these people are worth 30 bucks to me over two weeks over a month over six months I mean I say Wow for every single person that came through that last jvzoo launch I actually made an additional $30 from them over the next five months because I can go and see everything they bought for me and by the way going and tracking what they bought from your affiliate promotions is easy you just simply go and create another procs in our product tab it's going to give you this link right here and all you have to do is go ask your JV manager to paste this on the Thank You page trust me people that want you promoting their launches they want you to be able to see your numbers so you want to promote more they're going to do this okay and going and doing this for your own launch go to your Thank You page copy and paste this in anywhere on the page I prefer the header you're done you're done that's it and that's how easy it is to integrate with us from jvzoo go and start automation so increase the sales from launch follow up convinced and react based on what people are doing and the behaviors they're doing not just blind marketing them that's not it's not going to work you can't do that and then what you're able to do is calculate how much they're worth overall long time and so maybe you're gonna see well you know I'm making an extra 60 bucks from every single person that bought from my launch over six months maybe next launch I'll launch it 100 percent commission so that I can go and get these leads in because I know I'm already making a ton of money in the backend from it that's a business changing stat that's a business changing metric you cannot get that metric in any other system if you want to go out there integrate with any other system good luck creating these type of automations good luck going out there and calculating how much those automations are making you good luck calculating exactly how much every single person that comes in from your last launch is making you in the first week two weeks three weeks two months six months you're going to see the webinars as you promote after that offers you permanent after and all the other creative marketing you can do just besides what I just showed you right here this is the to iceberg you're not gonna be able to do that anywhere else so what I think you need to do right now what you actually need not what I think what you need to do right now is you need to go below and when you click the button below this video it's going to take you to a pricing page it looks just like this okay and you select how many people are going to be on your email list you can also import your leads in you can mail your current leads you can mail your current customers that's a hundred percent fine here and what you're gonna do is you're going to select your list size sign up and that's it you'll be inside market hero we have a full training section for you where you can see exactly how to do everything I just showed you it's easy you don't need a fifteen hundred dollar consultant to teach you how to do it like other systems you might know of and you'll be right in here in the next 30 seconds boom done you'll be able to do this and like I said you before all that's standing between you and going increase in the amount you make on every single launch is going in copying paste in your API in going down here putting these simple tags and building out these simple funnels in fact when you hop inside I'm going to leave a few jvzoo specific funnels that are relevant to selling your upsells down selling your upsells getting more from your launches and I'm gonna actually fill in the blanks for you in the emails so you can go and follow these emails combine it with your business and start making more money today that's what I'm offering you I'm not offering you an autoresponder even though this is an autoresponder that's really good I'm offering the chance to make more money on your next launch and all you have to do is type in a literally the API integration and a few little product tags and we handle everything else on market heroes side so that being said this has been Alex becker i'll see you inside

================================================================================
TITLE: broadcast
VIDEO ID: CiZb_PwuJDI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiZb_PwuJDI
================================================================================

all right guys welcome to another training video you need to help so i'm here to help you so what we're going to work on right now is the broadcast i'm going to show you how to use this now like everything else in the system it's extremely simple but you can go very very deep with it so i'm going to show you uh how to do that so basic very basic email sending system right here from the get go you want to set your from name and your address is going to be coming from okay also be sure to check out the spf video that's provided in the original training area as well so with that being said how this works is almost the same exact way as the lead system okay so i can go right here and if i want to send just a basic email to everybody that has the tag source wave and that's how we segment our users we can do that now we can do a lot of other cool things with advanced settings just like in the leads area we can have it say all right we want everybody that has a tag source wave but does not have the tag alex becker okay so i don't want people from this list getting the same email so we can do that you can see how it reduces the amount of people on there so it subtracts 5000 people that have uh that specific tag and we can just go as deep as we want we can do anybody that has this tag uh for example we do anybody who has a sorcery tag but has bought uh this product right here add that right there and you can see you know it subtracts it from there so i can go and target people that haven't bought a proc i can target people that haven't seen a certain page target people that have been on the list for a certain amount of time it just goes on and on and on and on and on so i'm just gonna send a basic email right here and we're gonna go to email sequence so what you can do right here is you can create a new email you can use a template use template you can simply go right here you can see all the emails you previously sent you can select one of them and uh boom it's there you can go and edit the template change the uh the title the subject of the email the text the email it's all here for you to use pretty simple now um if you need any help other than this about the the the email builder it's very simple just drag and drop you can put your text right here you know write it all up and stuff like that you can go and change you can put an image right there you can go select your image just click it add the image to it um and you can do just about anything now if you want to control the styles how the email looks and everything we can go right here to change the overall uh style the email we can change it to whatever we want whatever we want to do and finally the last thing you might get confused with is the image you can go add an image right here i'm just going to go grab an image that we usually use let's just go and grab that image you see it loads up you can change the link right there if you want and they go and change the size of our image we go out here to block style and we just go like that so we can change it as much as we want we can change the padding around the image everything is super customizable as you can see we can change the body color of the the email it's all here okay anything you need in an email center to send simple emails is there and if you want to make it beautiful and pretty and stuff there's all the tools you need to do that as well you can add bigger images and whatever you need to do okay fairly simple so i'm going to cancel not going to save that um and that's really all there is to it we can create a new email it's essentially the same exact thing just make sure you have your unsubscribe uh your abuse link right here and your address you can go and actually add these by going right here and going to links and you can go and add any of these things right here you can add them in any way you want i like this this comes loaded in every template because it's very subtle and very low there but i know some people want to custom unsubscribe and review spine now you need to understand also with the report abuse button the cool thing about this is it's not going to count as a complaint against your account we will simply see it and see that somebody's complaining but this prevents people from actually complaining and damaging your account so keep that in mind now that's how that all works this is how the email center works at this point in time all we do is click send after naming the broadcast so we can find it in stats later and that's all there is to it it's very simple now let's imagine right here i want to go and i want to see the stats on the broadcast i since just sent so in guard here we can view stats and i'll just look at this email right here okay you can see the stats everybody opened i can see exactly how much this email generated me what people bought everything like that and i can go through and see who clicked this email make a segment for that i can go back and see who complained i can go back and see exactly how much i earned per click per open uh per everything and i wasn't even pitching anything this email so that's really cool it shows like hey if i send like value content out people still are like buying stuff through that so i can go right here maybe i want to mail the unopened people uh move around and this just gives me more ways to segment my list and mail people and talk and have different conversations with the type of customers that i've had based on the behavior that they've interacted with me with that's a lot of big words but i can basically talk to people based on what they've done and have a real conversation with them instead of sending everybody the exact same thing that's really the coolest thing on top of the ltv tracking instead of market hero i think so if you have any more questions be sure to hit up our super handy support right here they'll be able to answer everything for you and that's how the broadcast system works it's really simple really easy to use um again just recap it real quick to send you broadcast you just click new broadcast if you want to see your stats or what's going on with your broadcast right now i just click here and you can see the stats names everything like that so fairly simple that's all there is to it and i'll catch you in the next training

================================================================================
TITLE: leads
VIDEO ID: x43tGY5UqIM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x43tGY5UqIM
================================================================================

alright hey there buddy old pal this is Becker again and we're going to be getting into you how to use your lead section right now since you have asked for help so what I want to show you how to do is how to use the lead section and what this section does is two main things one it allows you to find segments of your lead search for leads find whose active who's not basically fine all the info you need to know about your leads and put certain people in certain places and then it also allows you to do is calculate the amount of money that you've earned from those leads so for example right here if I want to go search for a specifically and we're gonna start with the most basic use of this and get down to the more complicated uses of it now first things first let's get into how to actually import leads okay it's that super simple but you're gonna go out here and you're just gonna grab a CSV file so I'm gonna grab this one right here and how it works and let me just open up the CSV file for you is what's gonna happen is you gonna import your CSV file and you're gonna have the columns in the CSV file let me open it up so you can see what it looks like okay so we have the CSV file open right here and these are all fake emails so don't worry about that that's just an example emails but what we have is different columns right here and you can set columns for whatever you want so if we want to put all the people's emails in this column all their corresponding names and lastname and these columns you can totally do that super cool what I usually just do is I import the email so it's just straight up so you won't have a column that has all your emails on it so after you import it you're gonna see when you upload it all the different columns that are in your CSV file so I'm gonna go right here and mark this one as you know so that's what it is that's gonna tell the system its email then we're gonna fill a little bit of information right here so first off we want to tag it leads so I'm gonna mark these as source with okay adding it to my source wave list right here now and what we want to do right here that might confuse you a little bit is we want to go and look at your previous mailings of these emails on your previous mailing platform okay a lot of other mailers or autoresponders they won't even let you import leads or they're gonna call you in the phone or they're gonna talk to you or they're gonna do all sorts of things to make sure the leads you're importing are good leads okay and that improves the improve ability or the deliverability of the entire system so what we want to do is streamline that we don't have to call you on the phone we don't have to talk to you we don't have to like expect you or anything like that if you just give us access to your previous mailing platform our staff can go in make sure that you've explored the list the right way make sure you exported all your active leads not unsubscribe people that are gonna complain and stuff like that and um make sure that you're bringing leads you're gonna get a lot of success within the system now this is optional you can import the leads and not give us your information but you're gonna need to talk to our staff and you're gonna tell us need to tell us where these leads are coming from and we're gonna need to talk to you about it because we can't have you coming in and importing twenty five thousand people that you have no business emailing which some people will do and that's why we yeah and this system right here now if you don't want to play by these rules you can simply integrate with Amazon SES and you can send from your own email server that's completely fine we'll allow you to do that but if you want to send from our server we just simply need you to do this we're not gonna go and do anything weird inside your mailing platform we're just gonna make sure that you've emailed these leads in the past and you are these are people that you're actually talking to you so I'm just gonna put like Aweber right here I'm gonna put just a fake user name fake password and a contact number we can call you app if we need to talk to you now after you import your leads what's usually gonna happen is we have people watching the imports 24/7 you're gonna see a little pop-up right here and our staff is gonna message you just asking a little bit about your leads and then they'll approve the leads for you to mail it's that easy it's that simple that's all there is to it so let's actually get into you actually using the lead system the fine leads and import leads and getting more you know complicated stuff so if I wanna go in just search for an email for example I can just go up here and if I know there's a specific email on my list I can just go look it up right here and then if I want to do anything to that email I can simply select it I can do a whole bunch of things I can delete it I can export it I can add tags to it I can remove tags from it I can generate and see exactly how much that email is actually spent with me you can see this this dude actually has not spent anything so I can also go no I don't want to delete the lead but you can see how easy it is to go and do that so if I want to go all right here and I want to search for tags with a certain or leads with a certain tag I just click are here to click show results and you can see right here it shows me all these leads now if I want to I can go generate the LTV and you can see it's ten cents per lead right here now I just upload this list the other day the usual math I make per lead from this list is like $15 per lead or something like that but the six months of tracking is in there quite yet so now what we can also do is a lot more advanced segmentation for example we can go and say source wave and I can say anybody who's bought the product let's just say this offer right here okay and so I can go and I can do anybody that has both these tags okay so what it's gonna show is three of them alright so I can see right here the exact value for each of these leads to 749 dollars if you can see I okay I can see these two these people bought our Herer have this tag and have bought this proc so you can see I can use this describe a lot of things now I can also go and say okay let's get everybody that has a tax source way but hasn't bought this products I can go right here and go like OMG op store we can do this with tags too I'm just doing a products right here and it will pull up a list of people that haven't buzz so let's say a lot of people on my list have gone and bought a certain product I don't want to market them again with that type of off right there so we'll give me a segment of my list I can go and work with and I can go right here and I can send the email to musing this this option to send email to this segment is not currently here yet but should be here when you hop in and I can add tags to these people and I can remove tags and do whatever I want so we can basically describe any type of lead in this situation now we can click right here on advanced and we can go and find everybody that's do you know has opened in the past four months so if we want to clean and get rid of everybody that hasn't opened what we can do is we can simply go and say all right these people have opened in the last four months or so we ran a specific tag to them and then anybody that doesn't have that tag we just delete from our list or we move into like a dead email segment of our list we can see the last click date and we can see who's unsubscribe basically everything you get everyone know so if I want to see like everybody complained on my email list it will show 18 contexts and so I don't want these people on my email list okay so what I'm gonna do right now I'm just gonna delete them because these people you know complain when they receive emails so those people are gone forever so you can see how I'm easily going through my list and in finding any type of segment any type of description any type of person on my list and then building it like that it's very cool it's very flexible and while it's very simple you can go super deep with it so I could be like anybody that has this this tag and the source wave tag has all these tags and I'm not sure people have it doesn't have like the tag let's just say Alex Beckham you all right and so I can do that no one's going to show up on that right there because there's no combination but we can just get as deep into the segmenting as you want now the last thing I want to show you that we've already touched on but I just want to go over it is if you click right here and you go okay I want to get rid of that people have a complaint I just delete everyone a complaint so I want to show sealed active people to have the source wave tag so you can see right here boom and what we're going to do now is we can go and generate the LTV for everybody on here so give it one sec and so we'll go on show us the long-term value so this is really important when you're building out your ads and you're saying okay so everybody who came through the specific funnel let's say we tagged somebody the second they enter one of our opt-ins oh we can see exactly how much they spent and as they are on our list longer longer you're going to see the value of that email increase as if people keep buying more and more stuff from you so that's super important when it comes to growing your ads and advertising that's one of the most beautiful things about market here we're gonna have a lot more functions coming in that show you like the amount of time it takes to get the LTB how much they spend over time so you'll see how much you earn on 1 week 2 week 3 weeks on average a lot of other cool stuff like that but this is how you use the lead section if you have any questions be sure to just hit up our super friendly awesome support right here and they'll be all over it for you so that's what I got for you this has been Becker and be sure to use their support if you need anything we're here 24/7 so take it easy

================================================================================
TITLE: tshirt4
VIDEO ID: 8LeMMmNMkXI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LeMMmNMkXI
================================================================================

[Music] okay guys this is Becker again welcome to the fourth video the end of this video the T-shirt button will unlock you able to enter your address and we'll be transplanting that funnel into your account but let's talk about how to send emails to all those people that are opting in now and all the people that you imported earlier on so before we send an email what you're going to want to do is you're want to go to settings and you want to fill out this information right here you want to give your business address when signing up if you don't want to use your actual address that's fine and you also want to put in your send name your default reply to email all this information right here so that market Hero has your information when you send it out it won't actually let you send an email until you put the stuff in because it's illegal to go out there and send emails without a return address so now that you've done that what you want to do is we want to go over here to broadcast you want to go to add new broadcast now very simple I'm just going to go put in my address I'm going to be sending from and when you get inside there's actually going to be a guide called the SPF guide it's going to be above this right here it's going to be the first thing you also see when you come in it's a quick little thing you can add to your websites to make sure your emails get almost double the deliverability that they probably do at other places you're probably using a random email or like a support email that you don't have connected to your site because of that your deliverability is probably hurting a lot from that so be sure to watch that now I'm going to put in my from name right here and this is where stuff starts to get fun so I'm going to go right here and I'm going to put in who's going to receive this email let's so let's say I want everybody who has the Alex Becker tag on them anybody who's joined my Alex Becker brand list I I want to send an email to them okay but let's imagine I'm sending this out to them and I'm trying to romote a product I just sent them so I don't want to send the same email that people have already bought something so what I can do right here is I can go down to Advanced setting and I want to have add a negative tag or a negative segment to this and so I go right here and I can put in the dollar sign and I can go and pick offers someone might have bought or I can pick another tag any combination of anything so I have this right here and you're going to see this is going to subtract 11 people from that total segment right there so what we have now is a segment of people who have not bought a certain product but are on a certain list pretty cool right we can easily go and do all sorts of stuff with this and all sorts of other combinations that we'll get into and then more advanced tutorials inside the system now what we can do right here is we can go and send an email we can use a template by just clicking here and loading up templates we've used in the past you can see really simple uh template that I have used in the past there or we can just go create a new email now the way the email Builder works really simple we just go here we can add text we can add an image if we want and um that's it we can go out here you can start writing your email out we can format it we can go and change uh the styles of the font you know really easy to use we can change the width of the email you can change the color uh everything in here is customizable to whatever extent you want we can go change you know the image Dimensions right here we can do anything we want inside of this uh it's extremely flexible extremely simple and really good at sending really simple plain sexy emails to just look great you can also go out there add images add your own HTML and stuff like that that makes it you know look super unique but one emailing tip right here the more plain your email is the less HTML you have going on the better chance you have delivering and getting in the inbox especially that Gmail promotions tag if you have a lot of images it's going to be really hard to inbox in the promotions tag like that so I'm just going to hit save right here and let's just imagine I'm going to send this ugly email out don't do this to your list you goof and then I go over here and hit send now and boom it goes out now let's say I want to see the stats for this email we're going to click back the broadcast so what we can now do is we can go back through our emails that we' sent out and we can click see stats we can actually see everyone who's opened it we can create a segment based on that which I'll show you in a second we can see how much money that email generated based on the tracking codes we talked about even down right to to the earning per email that we sent out now say we want to mail to everybody that didn't open it we can go right here click on opened and boom it will show us a list of everybody didn't open and we can just go up here and send it to them so that's the broadcast system in a nutshell that's all there is to it you can do a lot of advanced things with it or you can keep it really simple and that's the Pinnacle of what we want to do at Mark hero allow you to do super Advanced Marketing in a very simple easy to understand way so this has been Becker I'll see you on the next page be sure to fill out your address information below for the T-shirt uh your funnel should already be inside your system and really I really really encourage you to watch the SPs video that's going to allow you to connect your emails and Market hero to your actual website so Google and all the other big inboxes can recognize that you're not sending out dooo okay so this has been Becker I can't wait to get you inside if you have any questions whatever hit up our support staff right here from 9: to 5 they are here for you very fast support and that's all I got today so this has been Becker I'll see you inside thanks so much for becoming a part of Market hero

================================================================================
TITLE: tshirt3
VIDEO ID: 0fu9aDgiTdw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fu9aDgiTdw
================================================================================

[Music] hey what's going on welcome to video 3 here are just one video after this away from the t-shirt and getting my entire paid funnel that I've been using imported into your system so listen up stay tuned we're just we're almost done here so what we're going to do in this video is build our basic optins and our basic email funnels now inside the system when you get inside there's a much more detailed explanation if you can't figure out how to do this on your own I feel a lot of people will be to figure it out cuz it's so simple but if you need or need any more information there's going to be a little bubble down here that you can click that will show you all the videos and everything you can do to use this in advanced ways but let's start off with a basic funnel slil stream so we're going to click new stream right here and what you're going to do is you're going to create your first optin right here so what the optin is going to do is it's going to build an optin for you now you can do a bunch of different things right here for the optin button that you use you can go and create a button that will have a drop down you can use an image instead you can use a link uh you you can even go and create your own HTML code from it uh that will generate when you build it out here and you can go and paste that HTML code anywhere so if I want to go here and I set this button to be like this um and I go to preview and I remove the first name and last name so you can see this is what this is what's going to drop down when people click it but I'm going to remove the first and last name I could even go over and click okay right here and go to the form it'll give me an HTML code I can use to embed in lead Pages or any opt-in form system you're using however our system does it just as well and how it's going to work is just like this you can see boom pops down gives us an optin right here this is what converts the highest however if you have your own forms and stuff like that you can always just embed our HTML into that so um this is done simply by going and grabbing the embed code that market hero is going to spit out to you and you just embed it wherever you want in your site so we'll create that button if you use an image you can create your own button that will be used instead of what was used in an image heck you can even just create a text link that will bring down a drop down for you so that's how it is people go into the system and very simple so then what you can do right here is we want to go and I'm going to apply a tag to let me know that people opted in through this optin so I'm going to make a new tag that says Market Hero Test optin so anybody that comes in through this optin will be tagged with this tag and so I can easily go search them up later on and calculate how much money they've made me or just see who joined through this optin so then what I want to do is I want to add an email that will be sent to the person so go right here we can send one email and then I'm going to have it go in I'm just going to I'm going not really fill this out because we don't really need to do all this and I'm not going to get into the email Builder too much we'll get into the next video and I'm just going to hit save okay so let's imagine then I want to uh let's just say apply another tag right here I actually want to sort by tag uh and so everybody that comes in I want to go two directions so let's have an email right here let's have an email right here actually we'll put a delay right here and this is where I'm going to show you just the basic automation Side Market hereo so let's say we want to sort by the market Hero Test tag that we created all right so we can go right here and we can go and type in right there so let's say that the person has that tag and so if they do have the tag they'll get sent here if they don't have the tag they'll get sent here very simple um and so then I can go here to delay and I can set wait at least 3 days and I can set a specific time or whatever for it to run and then I can have them get sent this email so look what's been done right here very simple to use person opts in Market hero tag is applied to them they're send an email then it sorts them by the market hero tag that was applied to them in a yes no situation if they have the tag which they will cuz we applied it right here they'll go to this delay they'll wait 3 days they'll get an email they don't have the tag which won't happen in this situation but just showing the automation they'll get this email and so that's how we go and build our basic email funnels that's how we go and create our opin you just created this crazy automated Advanced thing in just two seconds right here in Market hero and that's what we're all about so this is how this works there'll be much deeper instructions if you click the little bubble that will show up right here in every tab there's a little button that shows you more detail instructions on how to use it but that's how it works so this is been Becker you have one more video to go and that's it so let's get on to that right now I'm going to show you to send your broadcast and do some basic lead segmenting it's going to allow you to do some really cool segmenting and advanced mailing and whatever else you want to do so see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: tshirt2
VIDEO ID: 3a6QGaIfl-0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a6QGaIfl-0
================================================================================

[Music] okay guys what's up welcome to the second video I'm glad you're still here you're getting closer to that t-shirt by the minute better be getting excited so what we're going to talk about right now is importing leads and again like the previous videos you don't need to go do this now but I want you to understand exactly how it works it's a real simple process so if you have leads from another autoresponder you're coming from another autoresponder cuz ours is much better uh what you're going to want to do is probably import those leads uh and then start start using this system to bring in new leads but you want to start off with the leads you already have so you can send them emails now it's really easy to do and really easy to actually segment people and determine which leads do what and if you have current segments you can do that as well so what we're going to do now is import a list of dummy leads into the system so what we're going to need first is just a CSV filed very basic right here with the list of the emails if you just want to import those you can also use a different column for the name and last name of the emails if you're into that kind of thing I usually just import the emails so you're going to go up here and you're going to click import you're go browse files and what you're going to do is go find that file right here so here's my file boom putting that in and it's going to go and begin the import process now here's what you need to know while we're getting into that the first thing you're going to see it pops up and it's going to say after your leads are imported we will verify the information wait until we approve your leads and then you will see them in your lead panel so what you need to do right here is you want to go to the column and mark the columns as what they are so only only had one column so I'm going to mark it as email the second column is names the second or the third column is last name you can do that as well now I want everybody who comes into this to be tagged with the tag new lead okay so if I have other leads in my system and I want to differentiate these leads between another one I can tag them like this on top of when a person comes in the system they're naturally get tagged at the time when they're import so if you forget to add a tag you forget anything you know like that you can go back and always find out exactly who you imported when wear so you can retag them and res segment them now what you're going to need to do now that's optional but it will greatly speed up the process is you're going to need us to give us your previous mailing platform your username and temporary password now why do we do this we're not going into the mess with your your emails steal your emails or anything like that what we're going in there to do is to confirm that the list that you're sending us is actually your list uh we don't want to lot of people coming in here uploading list of people that don't belong them have not opted into their businesses and then blasting them with that that's going to hurt our deliverability it's going to hurt your deliverability and we also want to help you make sure that you're importing the list the right way for example when you're importing list you want to make sure to remove all your unsubscribes remove anyone that's complained you can find all these easily in any autoresponder you've been using now once you have that you want to go and grab the list you want to import it like I have right now put in your previous mailing platform uh put in a username I'm just going to put fake and I'm for password I'm put fake but give us a temporary password temporary username again we are legally bound not to touch it anything we're just going in to make sure the past emails you've sent out have a positive complaint ratio okay as in you're not getting more than one complaint per th emails you can also go and put in your phone number if you want and we can give you a call if you want to confirm that way now this part right here is optional you don't have to do it however if you do not fill out this information right here uh our staff is going to contact you through this little chat box down here eventually it's going to pop up and say hey we're looking at your leads right now and they're going to need things like a screenshot or proof that these leads are yours before we let you go out there and start mailing out the system this is to protect everybody's deliverability in the system and make sure that your deliverability stays topnotch and we're not going to be letting in any turds you could hurt your deliverability um or or anything like that so you're going to mark this I've read and agreed to the terms of service and then you're going to hit import what's going to happen is they're all going to be imported into the system we're going to prove it and then probably within a few hours you're going to see all the leads in here ready to be mailed now in a lot of systems they don't even let you import leads okay without a phone call and in-depth stuff or they'll mess with your leads and run like a a slow mail out that is is not a good representative or they just will just do all sorts of things to mess with you this is the quickest way to get all your leads in the system and get you working inside the system as fast as possible so work with us on this again we're not going to be digging around your crown or doing anything we're just confirming your leads are actually yours and in getting them to you as fast as possible so you can legally go out there and email everyone on there our goal is to mess with you the very least so that's what we got going on right here in the next video we're going to talk about how to go out there and set up your off opin in your funnels so that you can do all sorts of other cool stuff like automate your email marketing track how well your funnels are doing other stuff like that so it's been Becker I'll see you in the next video

================================================================================
TITLE: tshirt1
VIDEO ID: xTEraj5NKPE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTEraj5NKPE
================================================================================

hey what's going on this is alex becker and congratulations on being one of the first 100 members inside of market hero in fact only the first 100 people are going to see this video it's pretty special so listen up now i'll need you to watch this video series because it can get you completely set up inside of market hero and because it's very important to me that you do get set up so you actually use this i'm going to ethically bribe you to watch these videos what you're going to be getting first off is a first day member t-shirt and what this is a sweet black t-shirt has all the original developers names and this is going to the first 100 people that complete this video series so you need to complete this when you come inside so you can make sure to get your day one member shirt so that when you're at an event maybe a year two years from now you can say i was there on day one it's going to be pretty cool on top of that when you complete this video series i'm going to transport this funnel that i've been using at source way for years to get me a tremendous roi and every lead that comes in my system it's gonna have fill in the blank templates that you can use right off the bat so you have a working really powerful stream right off the bat that you can use for your current customers and actually use to get sales so listen up this video is going to kill it now what we're going to do in this video series is we're going to do three things all right first one get your tracking all set up and we're going to show you how to import your leads next we're going to show you how to build these streams and everything inside of it and then third we're going to be showing you how to send emails and how to use the little finer things in the system it's going to be super short so let's just dive straight into it right now first thing i want to get into in this video is setting up your tracking it's the easiest thing in the entire world and what this is going to allow you to do is when you're working inside your streams or you're searching up your leads you're going to be able to see the actual dollar value that they're going to go out there and generate you so if i go right here and find everybody with this tag in my system and then i go right here and click generate ltv these people were uploaded a little less than like a week ago you can see i'm already making 61 cents per email this is going to go up and up and up the more things i promote and sell to this customer base so what we want to do so we can get that tracking set up is you're going to go over here to products this tab right here you can bounce this in and out if you want to read it and you're going to click new product you're going to fill out all this stuff right here you're going to set the price you're going to set a category that's related to whatever business you have in there and then what you're going to be able to do is come on down here and you're going to have a list of products that you've had in the system so if you're selling two or three things what you want to do is go add those in the system and the amount they're going to make you for every sale that comes in so what we're then going to get is something that looks like this and so you can go in here and edit anything if you want but what we're going to do right here is we're just going to click this little graph icon and it's going to give us attracting pixel now what we want to then do is go to any page that is our thank you page aka page people only see if they buy something and you're going to go up here to any page this is just optimize press and you want to go into the header and copy and paste that code that's it your sales tracking your sales automation is done you can build stuff inside market here that reacts based on what people are buying just by this quick copy and paste i want you to appreciate this because there's no other system on the planet that's this easy you have to replace your cart do a whole bunch of bs uh and your tracking is done immediately inside market hero just like that so that's exactly how that works don't go do it right now just watch the rest of these videos they're super short and then go inside market here there's going to be a little help tab that will show you exactly how to do all this again just want to get you caught up to how market hero works and the big benefits so the next video we're going to get into importing your leads and how that's going to work

================================================================================
TITLE: welcome
VIDEO ID: AesQ0Yu04dk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AesQ0Yu04dk
================================================================================

hey what's up this is Alex Becker you probably saw my sweet picture on the other page I'm actually designing the webinar funnel slil funnel that you're going through right now in Market hero so it's it's pretty cool and obviously you know this webinar is going to be talking about Market hero that's what we're using to design the funnels that we're going to be talking about in this webinar what I'm going to be showing you in this webinar just to really go back over it is I'm going to be showing you this funnel that I've been using and then we're actually going to give you the entire template right here here's the template that consistently gets me an 8 XR y on all of my advertising and because of that you know if I'm going out there spending $1.5 to $2,000 a day it's making me an extra $10,000 to $16,000 in annual income every single day and so I'm going to be walking you through this entire thing and show you exactly how it works and once you have this dialed down once you're able to get your numbers which Market hero gives you as you're going to see in this webinar we actually have one running right now that I'm going to walk you through uh you can just scale to the moon and do exactly what I'm doing right here cuz it's just predictable long-term income that you can just pump out in any type of business uh whether you're offline online selling products or anything now on top of that when you attend this webinar if you don't attend you're not going to get this okay I'm going to be mean about this what I'm also going to give you is an opt-in template that I've been using that gets me 80 to 60% opt-in rates consistently in multiple niches bodybuilding SEO uh internet courses and so forth info marketing uh even like diet pills and and like workout shakers just basically anything out there and just by doing this alone you can actually double your business overnight and I'm going to explain to you how that works because you're able to go in double your opin rates you get twice the customers at half the price it's crazy so you definitely want to attend cuz if you don't attend uh you're not going to get that so with that being said the date and time for your webinar is below this is going to be actually live you will be sitting down with me this is not going to be an auto webinar and so this will be off the book I'll even tell some funny jokes you're not going to get any right now okay we get one all right why don't they play cards in the jungle there's too many cheetahs all right that's all you get for now this has been Becker I can't wait to see it the date and time below and um that's all I got for right now see you soon