Title: POV you built 28 startups and made $2M
Video ID: SexBiCtI_Qg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SexBiCtI_Qg
================================================================================

Do more crazy things and it will pay off your failures. Now we're in my milk inspector. We're looking for a new home. And this is a proper pet every single day. It took another 7 months to make second million. And now it's your turn off evil. [Music] never work out. Now we're in Mumbai. We just did a developer meetup here. About 200 people came and they're all really nice people trying to change the world with their code. And tonight we're leaving to a new country. I bet Mark is working hard before catching late night flight. So let's see if he's really working. Tissue, we're doing You're not working. You're supposed to work. Sorry. Sorry. It's 3:00 p.m. It's not playing time. Did you make some money? Come sit. Sorry. Very sorry. I needed little break me. Sorry. Wow. I think it's the biggest day for data fast. It's just today. Wow, that's nice. I'm forgiven. Okay, so my middle cow is back to work. We're about to leave to a special place because we are looking for a new house and this looks like a really good place for Mark to focus on work surf nice organic food of course for the milk cow and nice gym as well. We're going to pack the bag and then go to figure out how it goes. The startup office in the backpack and we can go LMG. Let's take the flight. Hello. Thank you. Thank you. We just made it to France. We're looking for a new home, a new place for the startup office, a new place to leave after Bali. And obviously France is it's La France. It's my hometown. There's a bunch of cheese. There's surf. We're going to stay here for about a month to see if that's a good place to live. I just woke up and I realized I have a little surprise for my wife. It took me 7 years to make 1 million online and it took another 7 months to make the second million. Don't give up. During those seven years, there hasn't been a single day without workout. A workout every single day. That's the key to keep grinding for seven years. I'm um I'm almost done with this book. It is the most practical book for any entrepreneur who is trying to make money online. It's packed with a bunch of strategies to help you get started. And I cheated a little bit. I went through the end of the book and I read this quote. You cannot lose if you don't quit. Now the thing is to win it might take a few years. So how do you not quit when you're not winning and for that you have to get results quickly. Now getting results is also hard. Now getting results feels like validation as an entrepreneur. But to get results quickly the one of the easiest way is to do what Alex mentioned in the book which is using cold emails. And this strategy is what I used initially to make my first dollar on the internet and grow a little software business to 4,000 in monthly recurring revenue. This is the best thing you can do because you get instant results. Like you can literally send 100 cold emails today and get a market feedback on whether or not your offer is good. You'll learn about marketing psychology. And when you start winning, you will have something that you can share on social media where you have people willing to listen to what you have to offer. But you have to start with something that is very boring and cold emails is one of the easiest way to get started. What you could actually do is to copy an existing B2B business and you make an offer that is literally impossible to refuse. Every business wants to hire better talents. Every business want to get more customers. Every business owners want to have more time on their hands. So if you make any offer along these lines, you cannot go wrong. Read the book, start sending cold emails, start getting results, and everything will be easier. And now it's your turn. Off you go. I just prepared amazing meal for my cow and he just arrived the perfect time. So moo moo. Yeah. So this morning we did a bio age test and guess what? How old is he? They say 23 and they are super right. Wow. You already know the answer. So he's 23. I'm 30 and to be honest I feel very competitive. Like even though I'm one year older I am like biologically 7 years older than him. Like analyze my result and Oh you prepared play the whole like problem. Why? Basically, as a small person, I overtrained too much because I wanted to keep up with him and it gave me too much training and also I had too much LDL, the bad cholesterol. So, we try to eat less animal protein, less saturated fat, cheese, and also eat more plant-based protein, especially light dinner because when you eat a lot before sleeping, your sleep quality will be really low. And why not? This is the perfect setup for taking care of my cow as a A++ rating. Some of our friends roast us for eating tofu. But actually tofu is full of proteins and all the LDL cholesterol that you have in the meat is not there. So we try to do is we try to have like a meat, eggs and fish for lunch and more like tempered tofu for dinner. Yeah. And we also increase the zone four five cardio. That's why Mark was running. So V2 is the most important um health indicator. We were actually going to test this week or next week but roughly oop said I'm 54 56 and oh that's good. I started running few months ago from Korea and I my view to make increase so much and yeah be consistent. Consistent is the key. It's very it's super interesting like I'm grateful you take care of all those stuff. It's actually it's hard for everybody to do it. I think one of the way to actually do something is to test yourself, look at the data and just face what's the average data for people of your age. That for me was like a a wakeup call. You can do a blood test, you can wear a sleep tracker and you know how much deep sleep and REM sleep you get. You can like um invite your family, friends to do the healthy competence together so you don't feel lonely and yeah, it's really this conversation is never going to end. You know that. Yeah. Okay. So, that's it. That's it. That's it. I think I just found a way to steadily grow my new little startup. Let me show you something. So, this is the past 3 months data for one of my little product called Dataf Fast. And as you can see with the monthly breaking growth, it's like growing around 15 to 20% month over month. and it's kind of steady which I think I found a little something a few months ago maybe four months ago I built this uh map where I can see visitors on my website but I make it in a way that is kind of new like you have this globe you can go around you can click on people see what they do on your site I even added a little loi station to the real time map I would not call it this as a painkiller feature but this is more sharable and since I am in a business where there are lots of uh competitors web analytics is a tough business and people don't really want to pay for web analytics. But with this uh little feature, I'm getting a new stream of users on a daily basis. I see bunch of tweets of people sharing their own globe on Twitter like this tweet and a bunch of others and people ask how did you get this globe? And they would of course plug uh my little startup which would bring me traffic. So somehow my users are doing marketing for me. And I think here there's a little lesson where even if you're in a crowded tough market, if you copy something that exists already, you're pretty sure it's going to work at some point because if it's working, people are already paying money for these kind of problems. So it's validated. And on top of that, if you plug your own signature, if you find a way to make this famous product special with your own touch, then maybe you will land on something. This little uh map project was born on a random Sunday. I had no idea. I just I didn't want to work on my typical day basis. I just wanted to randomly try vibe coding a few stuff and somehow this little feature is one of the best marketing channel for my product. So maybe just try some random stuff. Just rebuild an existing business and add your own signature. And who knows, maybe in a few weeks from now you will find a little something that will make your users do your own marketing and you will never have to do marketing again. Someone mentioned that I should add a casting option on the TV. And I realized there is a casting option on Google Chrome. And now I can have this huge massive screen showing my web analytics in real time in my living room. Isn't it amazing? I don't really like coding, but I just love the fact that I can turn my ideas into reality. Recently on my YouTube channel, I made this a video where I'm wearing a cure code t-shirt where if people scan it, they go to my site and if they buy it, I'll know it because I'm tracking them. And I was hoping that these little experiments could help me be healthy by walking 10,000 steps per day while technically doing a little bit of marketing. We went to India, we went to Paris, we went to Singapore wearing the t-shirt and for about 7 days, we made a bunch of B-rolls with a camera and I spent another 3 days editing this video myself. So that's a 10 days of work. I posted on YouTube and it was the biggest flop ever for all my videos. It hurts. It really hurts cuz it's 10 days of work. And also we thought it was a interesting angle and you're going you thought like oh it's going to work but the high expectation like more pain especially when you're getting started. This is what you're used to. You spend so much time working on something that does not work and you ship it. Whether it's a video, whether it's a startup, whether it's a tweet, and then just nothing happens. And this is so painful here. But I know if I keep putting little bits out there, at some point one will work and it will outsize all the previous ones that did not work. That will make the entire journey worth it. So keep shipping, make lots of bets, and few of the big success will compensate for a lot of failure. So do more crazy thing, do different things. This is a proper pep talkman. This is a Tony Robbins style of pep talk. What is the take away from this? In one sentence, what would be the takeaway? Do more crazy things and you will pay off your failures. Keep shipping. What are you doing? I don't know. I'm Of course, he will not stop walk without crazy things.