Title: Don't Start a SaaS in 2026 Until You Watch This
Video ID: K448XtAsGJg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K448XtAsGJg
================================================================================

Recurring revenue, high profit margins, and incredible exit multiples. There's no doubt SAS is the best business model for building a multi-million dollar business. But there's a dark side to SAS that people rarely mention. I'm Rob Walling, and after 20 years of building, exiting, and now investing in hundreds of SAS companies through Tiny Seed, I've seen where all the landmines are buried. In this video, I'm giving you the map. These are the uncomfortable truths you must know, so you go in with your eyes wide open. And make sure you stick around to the end because the final truth might convince you not to start SAS at all. Let's dive in to the first brutal truth of starting SAS. First one is a common misconception. Having an audience like a social media audience that's following you does very very little for [snorts] your SAS. You get a small initial launch bump and after that it's irrelevant. So unless your audience is exactly your ideal customer profile, which in almost all cases a social media audience is not, social media audiences aren't going to do much for you. I say build your network, not your audience if you're going to build a SAS. So then people say, "Well, how do I build my network?" And that's why I've recorded at least one YouTube video on this channel on how to do that. Not a week goes by that I don't see someone on ex Twitter or LinkedIn saying, "You should build your audience and then ask them what they want." And that works great. If you're selling information, if you're selling tickets to an event, if you're selling books and courses, if you're building a SAS, do not waste your time building an audience because it does almost nothing for you. Does very little at the start, but almost nothing for you as you build a SAS. The second brutal truth of starting a SAS is that you're going to have to do a lot of things that you don't want to do in order to be successful. Building SAS inevitably has some element or some level of grind to it. So, if you think that it's going to be writing a little bit of code, posting on X or LinkedIn, and that's going to build a great company, you are delusional. You are going to have to do marketing approaches that you probably don't have that much interest in. Maybe do cold outreach. Maybe it's SEO. Maybe it's going to in-person events. Maybe it's partnerships and integrations and talking to humans and going on podcasts and YouTube channels and generally promoting what you're doing. In addition, it means launching something and sticking with it long enough to adjust and take feedback and iterate and make hard decisions with incomplete information and manage your own psychology along the way. You are going to have to do some things you don't want to do when building a SAS. And there are folks, especially influencers online, who are telling you the opposite. That to me that's akin to telling you you can lose weight by eating ice cream. It sounds great and you want to believe them because you want this to be fun. And overall, it is fun, but you're going to have to do a lot of things in the meantime as you grow this that you don't want to do. Get used to it. The third brutal truth is the long slow SAS ramp of death. And this term was coined by Gail Goodman, who is the founder of Constant Contact. She did an amazing talk at business to software probably 101 15 years ago now where she talked about how building a business with one-time sales can actually grow really quickly. But when you're building SAS and you're charging $10, $50, even $500 a month, recurring revenue compounds so slowly. Any type of meaningful momentum, any type of meaningful MR, it usually takes a long time. Now, there should be some leading signals that you are having success that people are interested. So, I'm not saying you should grind for five or 10 years with no success and expect then to suddenly have growth. There is a long slow ramp of your revenue over time and it's going to take a lot longer than you want it to. I tell SAS founders, think in terms of years, not months. I had a founder approach me one point and say, well, I want to be at 10K in 6 months. And I said, give yourself 2 years. Maybe you'll be pleasantly surprised and it'll happen sooner than that, but SAS takes a long time. And that's one of the brutal truths. The fourth brutal truth is that building something that people or businesses actually want to use is a lot harder than you think. Churn is the death of SAS. This is why SAS is like no other business model. Because if you go and sell a book or a course to a bunch of people and they never consume the course, you still have the money. But with SAS, if they stop using your tool, they don't get value out of it, it doesn't do what they need it to, for whatever reason, they cancel. And it makes growing a SAS company very difficult. Building something that actually not only attracts customers, but that keeps them using it month after month after month and that you retain users to the point where you have approximately zero churn is hard to do. But that's what the best SAS companies do. They figure out how to find extremely strong product market fit. And all that means in my parliament is you've built something that people/ businesses want and are willing to pay for. And not only is it hard to get people to just try your product, but to get them to stick around over the long term and pay you is really one of the keys of building an incredible SAS company that can grow into the millions in revenue. Brutal truth number five is that churn will be the bane of your existence. It never fully goes away. you will constantly be thinking about it and if you have high churn meaning you haven't achieved product market fit it will constantly erode your momentum and no matter how many customers you sign up no matter how many people come into the top of your sales or marketing funnel if you have churn that's 8% 10% you just can't outrun that it will never be a great business it can be an interesting lifestyle business but churn is going to be one of your biggest headwinds as you build your SAS truth number six is that Good engineering talent is expensive and hard to retain. Good engineers have a lot of options of where they can go. And so in the early days, you might be writing all the code yourself or maybe your co-founder is, but over the long term, you don't want to always be saddled in the code because that's one of the more certain parts of your business. But finding good engineers is challenging. It is totally possible and especially if you are hiring within your time zone, but maybe in cheaper countries like if you're in the US, you can hire in Canada or in Central or South America. But I find that it's a key to building an incredible SAS product is hiring good engineering talent. And the same goes with marketing and sales talent, by the way, because they are sought after and they often know what they're worth. And so in the early days, this is why most founders have to do a lot of the development and the marketing and sales. These are part of the core four SAS competencies that I think that you need in order to be successful as a founding team. But realize that even as you go forward, great engineers, great marketing, great sales, it's it's going to be expensive and hard to retain. Brutal truth number seven is that the work never stops. With SAS, you are worried about uptime. You're worried about bugs. You're worried about incidents. You're worried about customer impacting issues and they follow you everywhere. And it just might be that you're lugging your laptop down to Cancun when you go on vacation over your holiday break. Because if it's just the two of you founders and you're the one that writes all the code, it never stops. It's 24/7 by 365 and that can start to impact your mental health a bit. It can make you feel like you're always on and for the first few months it's fun and then after 6 months it's not and then after 12 18 months you kind of burn out on it. Speaking of that, point number eight is that stress and burnout I don't want to say they're inevitable, but it it kind of feels that way. like the complexity of building and growing your SAS, the pressure to build it over time, the constant need for, as I said, uptime and bugs. It's really just a constant that I see SAS founders kind of burning out from the pressure and how hard it is and having to always be on and then having the headwinds and a competitor or AI or something else. Something's always going wrong. And SAS, while it's an incredible business model, is also one of the most difficult to grow because there's a lot of competition and a lot of people are going after it because SAS is so valuable. So, I don't want to say burnout is inevitable. I do think that stress is inevitable because pretty much every SAS founder I know who's done it has, you know, at the end after they sell takes a deep breath and says, "I don't know if I want to do that again." Now, a lot of them do go launch another one, but it's definitely a very stressful business to grow. I actually see a lot of founders on the edge of burnout for a particular reason. It's that they're trying to go it alone. And so for years, I've been recommending that serious founders need to be part of a mastermind. It's kind of like a personal board of adviserss, their peers who are in the trenches with you and they'll support you when you're struggling and they'll call you on your BS when frankly you probably need it. But finding the right mastermind group is really hard. I've cobbled together a few of my own over the years and given how valuable masterminds have been for me and how hard it was to find a group. We solve that at Microcom. We've successfully matched thousands of founders across 20 time zones in 50 countries and we do mastermind matchmaking and we match based on time zones, experience, revenue, team size, industries served and applications are currently open for our next batch of mastermind matching. You can head to microcom.com/masterminds for all the details. The ninth brutal truth I'm gonna talk about today, I actually heard in a great podcast episode from Arvid call on his Bootstrapped Founder podcast, and I fully agree with him, which is why I wanted to bring it in here. It's that SAS changes constantly. If you go start a dry cleaner down the street and you build up a clientele, you might run that for 10, 20, 30 years without a lot of change to the business. Now that can get boring or that can feel very safe and stable with SAS. I don't know of anyone who feels safe and stable for very long at all. Technology changes, your stack changes, security things change, AI comes up and sideswipes you. New competitors, marketing channels start working, stop working. Google does a Google slap to you. So suddenly you have so many fewer customers. It's constant battles on all fronts. And customer expectations are another thing. UI UX refreshes. You just get momentum and then you realize you have to redesign everything to fit in with the paradigms of the day. It can feel exhausting. It can lead to burnout and frustration and feeling like you're just never getting ahead. And it can feel like even if you have a company doing, I don't know, $100,000 a month. You're like, "Yay, I'm in low seven figures." You still just feel this existential dread of like, "Well, everything's changing. I don't know how long this is going to stick around." There's so very very few SAS companies that are around longer than five years, seven years where the founder hasn't sold and someone else is running it. It's pretty rare and I think one of the reasons is because of the need for constant change and just how exhausting that gets. So knowing all of this, is starting a SAS still worth it at all? Well, I've started multiple SAS companies and they have changed my life. So, yes, they were hard. They were a grind. I burned out. I experienced all of the things in this video, but it can still be life-changing for you. Even if you don't have an incredible exit at the end, the satisfaction of building something incredible for customers, of making that money along the way, if you're bootstrapped and you're able to pull 10, 20, $30,000 a month out of a SAS company, if you are able to have that exit and just everything you learn along the way, along with the financial rewards, I think is pretty incredible. I can't imagine working at a full-time day job for all these years when I could have been doing what I've been doing with my life, which is starting SAS companies. And it's not just me. I have seen thousands of founders completely change their lives by taking the uphill battle, doing the hard thing, and starting a SAS. But with all that said, I don't recommend that you just dive head first into building a full-blown SAS. I recommend that you follow a strategy I call the stairstep method. It's the single best way to derisk your journey. And I've laid out the entire framework for you in this next video. If you got any value from this video, please give it a like and subscribe so you get more content just like this. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time.