Title: Biden's tax plan.....
Video ID: FNJpJG-sSXM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNJpJG-sSXM
================================================================================

In this video, I'm going to talk to you about Biden's new proposed tax plan and what it means for us as entrepreneurs. And I'll try and break down all different levels of entrepreneurs and how these things may affect you. All right? And so, I uh made a little list uh of the of the main bullets that I think everyone should know about. All right? So, I'm going to give you a little example of what it is, what it means for us, and then at the end, what I'm going to do is I'm going to kind of summarize what uh I plan to do to kind of, you know, mitigate some of these things uh that are happening. All right? Now, that being said, um I've made other videos on taxes and taxation in general. There are a handful of things here that very very deeply concern me and I'll express those when we get to them. All right, so let's rock and roll. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Alex Rossi. I own an acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of companies that does $100 million a year. I make these videos because I think they're fun and cool and I think entrepreneurship is is is awesome. All right, so lots of love. Let's see. Let's rock and roll. So number one, uh they're going to increase the top marginal tax rate to 39.6% after 2022. No big surprise there. They're just going to make the top bracket pay more. Okay. Number two, they're going to tax long-term capital gains and qualified dividends with taxable income over a million dollars at ordinary income tax rates. Okay, so if you make over a million bucks a year, all of your capital gains are now being taxed at again 40% like I just said, which double blows, but you know, noted. Do we think that's going to affect how people invest? Not as much as I think you would think because if you have no alternative, you just have to continue to play the game because you're not going to not invest the money because of the tax. You're still going to invest and then you're just going to have to pay the taxes. Now, what I do think it will do is it will get a lot of people to not realize their capital gains because they're going to hope for a change in in leadership, which is exactly what I would I would definitely just not sell or we recently, you know, exited three of our companies this last year and it was because we anticipated a capital G not because of this, but among one of the reasons was that we anticipated a big increase in capital gains tax and so we thought it might be a good time to recognize some of our our equity. All right. So, next one is they're going to treat transfers of appreciated property by gift at death as taxable dispositions. Okay. So, basically, normally you you could you could give stuff at death and it wasn't taxed. In this case, they will be now. They're going to raise the corporate income tax to 28%. You know, which basically bumps it back from when when Trump cut it. There's going to be tax on stock stock buybacks, which most of you guys probably don't need to worry about. Impose a 20% minimum on income. And this is probably the biggest one. This is like I mean well it'll affect me. It might not affect a lot of people but it's a 20% minimum tax on income. Okay, including unrealized gains. All right, which to me is one of the most insane concepts of all time. And I'm going to break down this one particularly at the end of this little bulleted list because like there's a lot of consequences that I think for lack of a better term are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane. But I want to break it down so you can at least you know at your next cocktail party or whatever it is like talk intelligently about it. Okay, next one is imposed minimum term and gift requirements. So, it's effective on all all trusts created on or after the date. Basically, they're just decreasing write-offs there. I I'll cover a couple more of the big ones. Carried interest. So, the private equity guys are now going to finally pay income tax. I think that's probably a good thing. Overall, uh they're going to cap deferral of gain from 1031 exchanges for the real estate guys uh at to 500,000 per taxpayer, which means like pretty much if you're a serious real estate investor, you're going to now not have that 1031 to like shelter all of your tax-free gains. And if you don't know what 1031 is, it's basically you sell a house, you have the the profit that you have from the house, if you put it into something that's similar in nature, a similar type of building uh within a period of time, like I think it's a year, then you don't have to pay taxes. You're basically just transferring it into another building and it continues. And the reason they had those those uh tax treatments is because, you know, the government likes to incentivize people to continue to rebuild infrastructure. And so real estate and buildings are a big part of that. And so if they make it incentivizing for investors to uh to invest in those places then it means that the the country as a whole will continue to upkeep its real estate. It will continue uh to just overall infrastructure continue gets built by private money, right? Which is a good thing for everybody. Uh but they're eliminating that or capping it for the vast majority of the people who do the most of the volume. They're going to decrease deductions for easement transactions. That's like a kind of a tax loophole around donating land and things like that. And then limit limit the use of donor advice funds for private donations. So basically they limit how much you're going to you're going to be able to write off off of uh donations. All right. There's a whole bunch of other stuff. And they also uh limit the duration of generation skipping uh transfer tax exemption. So it's effective to all trusts which means that like for the whole concept of like I want to pass on my wealth to my to my generations. What did the Rockefellers do? They're going to they're going to cut that severely if they pass this. Okay. So this is this is the bill. I think that there's there's there's obviously plenty more than what you can say in in you know 5 minutes, but I want to talk about one aspect in particular. I'll I'll probably talk about two. One of them is going to be the income tax. The second will be the uh the the corporate uh tax increase. And the third will be uh the one that I'm most concerned about, which is the uh unrealized capital gains tax. All right. So, first one, you know, if you're going from 37 or I don't even remember what it was, 37 to 39.6, is it going to make a big difference for you? Probably not if you're in that bracket. But it is kind of like boiling a frog. You know, at a certain point there's only 100% that someone can take. But, you know, I've always made in my last video, I talked about how like the real wealth is always built in growth of equities, growth of the things that you're building, right? Uh, which is one of the things that they're going to threaten, which I'll get to last. The second one is corporate tax, right? And so, if you have a CC corp, and this is in the US, you can leave the money that you have in the CC Corp and pay less tax as a result. So, at this point, I think it's 23, don't quote me, my accountant's not somewhere in there for C corps and they're going to bump it to 28. Where this becomes a real issue is that if you take dividends from your company, you pay income tax on the dividends like regular income tax. So you're going to pay 28 and then 40. So all of a sudden this starts to like not make as much sense. Now the CC Corp structure makes the most sense if you plan on continuing to redeploy capital within the business. All right. So if you are playing the game of I want to increase the value of the corporation that I own and I'm going to so it's more efficient for me to have the corporation pay the 28% keep it in retained earnings and then redeploy it through M&amp;A capital expenses investing in you know infrastructure things like that they're going to increase the value of the business. Now, the vast majority of the time, especially if you're a small business, you don't really have anything besides merchant acquisitions. And again, I said small business, so this might not apply for a lot of people, but besides M&amp;A, there's not a lot of stuff that you're going to redeploy that money for. And which is why I think LLC's and whatnot work for most small businesses better. Now, once you get a little bit more sophisticated, I think CC corps can make more sense, but you have to do a cost analysis on both in terms of how you plan on redeploying the capital so that you can and most accounting firms will be able to do a side-by-side comparison for you so you can see what your net tax implications are. Now, I'm a big fan of not caring at the end of the day cuz we're going to die about about taxes uh on income, but if you're going to get taxed, you can still be smart about it and, you know, just do the the normal work. I wouldn't I wouldn't uh you know, encourage you to spend a tremendous amount of time wasting on this stuff rather than building your business cuz that's where you're going to build the most of your wealth. Now, let's get the last one and then Alex will make two recommendations that I think are going to be highly controversial and and unpopular, but I think would be way more beneficial. So, the unrealized capital gains. So, this is kind of complicated the way they set it up. All right? And a lot of people are going to be heing and hawing about how this works, but let's just say that your net worth is $100 million. Okay? Now, a lot of people might be tuning out be like, "Well, if I'm at $100 million, like, I won't care." And you might, but you might not. And I'll tell you why like right now. The reason you get to 100 million is because you believe in the American dream. And you believe in the American dream because you believe that opportunity is endless. And what happens is, and this is why I'm very afraid of this particular tax, is that it makes it much more difficult to attain. And so what it will essentially do is is massively massively massively affect how much people can basically build their net worth to. And I would more or less be okay with that from a from a cognitive, you know, from a from a logical basis, excuse me, if the capital were being redeployed through a an efficient system. But the private sector deploys capital 10 times more effectively than the government does. And so you're basically taking money out of people's hands who are very good at deploying capital and putting it into hand people's hands who are very bad at deploying capital. People who work for the government don't normally have the best capital deployment skills uh compared to people who do this for a living. And so that's like kind of like a systemic concern that I have. The other one is that I think it will kill innovation because I mean I think this would be a kiss of death for the US economy and be really honest with you because we want to be at the cutting edge of innovation starting new companies etc. Where do you think so many of these, you know, really exciting, you know, startups, software companies, etc. get their initial funding from? Wealthy people. And if wealthy people no longer are incentivized to do that or massively disincentivized to do that, then they just won't do it or they'll invest elsewhere. On top of that, US as a whole will be saving less money while all of our foreign competitors will be saving more money and will have the money going to people who are better at allocating capital than their governments. And so I think it's a really, really, really, really bad move just from an economic standpoint. Now, mind you, and I just want to be really clear. I've only voted one time in my entire life and I regretted it because it was a waste of time. So, just I say this because I I don't think that my vote matters and everyone's like, if everyone thought that way, it's like, don't worry, no one not everyone thinks that way. So, it doesn't matter. I'm not going to like somehow make one YouTube video and everyone's going to suddenly stop voting because what happens is if fewer people started voting, then the votes would matter more and the more people start voting again, right? So, it's it's a balancing act. Anyways, here's how the unrealized capital gains tax will work. This is me broad brushstrokes, okay? the the armchair uh people who read every single word of the tax proposal, you're awesome. I love you. And you know, by all means, put all of the all of the the corrections in the comments. Uh but this is the general gist. Okay. So, let's say you have a $200 million net worth. And the $200 million net worth is based on a a uh a 10x multiple of a company that you own that does $20 million a year in Ebida or earnings. All right, I'm I'm trying to keep this simple as hell. Okay, so you have a 10x multiple on 20 which gives you $200 million in value. Now, how they're going to to calculate this, I haven't even read into because I actually haven't been able to find it. I Googled all over and I couldn't find it. But let's just say that that's how it's being calculated. Okay? And if someone in the comments does know how it's being calculated, post the formula. I'm really curious. So, you got 20 million that's that's coming in uh as IBIDA for the company that you own 100% of just for math sake. And that's worth 200 million. Now let's say that next year you grow the thing to 25 million even okay and with a 10x valuation that means that your company goes to from 200 to 250 million okay in value assuming you took all of the profit of your company as a dividend which is not likely but let's just assume again to make this simple it means that you would make $25 million in income okay that's category 1 and then you would have taken your company from 200 to 250 million so you've got 50 million here and 25 million here so that was the net increase in your like net worthish is okay pre-taxish. They want everybody to pay 20% on unrealized capital gains. And so that extra 50 million 20% of that would be $10 million. Okay? So that's 10 right to the side. And then you've got your normal income tax of 40% on your 25. All right? Which is going to be another 10. Okay? Which means keeping keeping math keeping math here. If you paid all your taxes up front, then you would pay 25 million, sorry, 20 million of your 25 million in taxes. 20 out of 25 million in taxes. It's an 80% tax rate. That's really aggressive. Now, that's assuming that you don't have some sort of tech company that doesn't make any profit. Because if you did have that, then I don't even know what their plan is for that situation. I think you'd have to sell stock of your own company to pay the tax on the increase and somehow get like it it would be in or you'd have to take loans against your equity to pay the taxes. It's really shitty. The thing that they're trying to do to soften the blow here, all right, because I mean, think about it. Literally be like overnight 80% tax rates. And that's that's with that example that I gave, right? It it it could be it could be that's with a really high cash flow company. If you don't have a high cash flow company that's valued for other reasons, it would basically just drain you. Like it would just drain you entirely from all your reserves. you'd have to go into debt to continue to own your company or you'd have to own less of your company to continue to run your company. So, you'd literally be disincentivizing the founders and innovators from continuing to grow their company because if they grew it, they get taxed more before they can pay for it. That being said, the little special caveat that they're trying to do to make it softer is that it's it can be spread over 9 years. All right? So, that $10 million could be spread over 9 years. So, it' be like 1.1 million or whatever on top of your normal income tax, right? But the thing is is that it will stack up, right? Right? So, it's like it's 1.1. So, I might pay my normal, you know, 10 million on my 25 that I that I paid in income tax and then I'd have 1.1 that I'd start paying towards the 10 million that I owe on the $50 million. The thing is is that it sounds it sounds like, okay, that's not that's not as bad. It's just cuz no one can think in time, right? Because you just fast forward 10 years and then you're going to be paying that. it just they're just they're just slowly boiling the frog uh to get to the point where where where it stacks up on top of itself because next year you're going to owe 1.1 and another probably more than that because if the company grew again you'd have another you know tax bill you'd have to pay on top of that and so hopefully you're seeing it's like mount it's like mountains of debt basically in tax that you're going to have to start paying and so nine years from now that's when you're you're you're you're getting smashed right because it's going to take nine years for these payment plans to stack now obviously that's one assuming that they pass it two that they don't repeal I think the likelihood that it passes is low. But I will tell you this, I think it is one of the scariest tax bills I've ever seen. And it's because if you disincentivize the very people who are building the things that grow this economy, it makes the risk that a founder takes on virtually untenable. It's like when you start a company, you risk failure and you have the the the odds are stacked against you that you will fail. Like it's very likely that you're going to fail. And in the in the off chance that you actually succeed, they will, unless you just have a very normal, boring cash flow business, which many businesses are not that way, that have tremendous value, they will basically just bankrupt you and l and stack so much tax debt on you for things that you have not realized yet. And here's where it gets worse. What if you do that? You pay taxes on capital gains that are unrealized and then the company goes under, which is also very common. You basically just pay taxes to the government on stuff you never got ever. And those taxes might actually be the thing that destroy the business because you got saddled with that and you could barely pay your own expenses. So the example I gave was a generous one because a lot of times you're not going to have, you know, $25 million a year that's coming in. Let's say you have I'll give you a different example to really drive this home. Let's say you had an exit and you have $100 million. Okay, let's just say that that's your your current net worth and you're probably pretty good at making money or allocating capital because you have that money, right? Okay. And so let's say you get 15% on that. Your net worth goes up by 15 million. And let's say that because you had your, you know, exit, you know, you only make 2 million bucks doing consulting stuff, whatever. So you make $2 million and you get taxed 40%. So that's $800,000. But then you make $15 million in increased appreciation on your assets. So the 20% minimum tax there would be $3 million on the 15. That's more than you made in total. And people are like, well, it's going to spread over 9 years. It's like, yeah, but then next year you're also going to have to pay it. And then the year after that, so like it's going to stack up and people just can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do math. You have $3 million in taxes and you only made $2 million and you still have the $800. So you have $1.2 million left and you still owe another three. So you're going to have to come up with $1.8 million every year just because you happen to own stuff and have a successful exit. And so then you start bleeding your hundred million that you risked everything to get in order to pay off tax for gains you haven't realized. So, you have to sell stuff just you basically the government will just force you to sell your belongings or they put you in prison. So, I think it's um I think it is it is one of the scariest things I've ever seen. I think it destroys the American dream. I think it is against capitalism. I think that the government is a terrible allocator of capital in general and they are literally onetenth as efficient as the private sector is and so we're just going to take money out of the hands of the people who are most effective with it. But that being said, I understand I understand the the inequality that exists at the top. The difficulty that I have is the psychology around it, which is it's just like every MLM. Every MLM in the world, you know, they show the they show the number one, you know, person. And because of survivorship bias, people think that's going to be me. Stats would show that it's probably not going to be you. But just the hope, just the the idea that you could someday get there is what inspires the vast majority of entrepreneurs. I think I mean, at least me. And I think destroying that incentive and destroying that vision of what what could happen would be a really big detriment. I don't have the best solution. I did say I have a couple of ideas and so these are Alex's very unpopular ideas around taxation. I think that and like people are going to call me crazy for this, but here's two very radical ideas. Number one is uh decrease income tax dramatically to 0%. And then have an enormous capital gains tax. And the reason for that is because most people who are poor make money off of income, right? Most people who are wealthy make money off of their invest investments. And so that would be a I think more balanced way of helping you know then it it would still help all of the basically if you're working you should get you would be able to keep all the stuff that your hands are making for you right and I feel like that would be a really interesting balanced approach to the process right because you're basically limiting how much people can make passively from their money and forcing more people to work so that was that's that's an idea I'm sure there's plenty of holes there always are but that was just one I was like huh that would be interesting a different idea that I have is because both of you who know me know that I'm not a huge fan of the concept of legacy because you know you multiply out your generations 5,000 years they won't know who you are just like you don't know the people who you came from um and so the idea of legacy is kind of a myth when you expand it over a long enough time horizon and because I think that money ruins people when you have not earned it the alternative um would be to have basically like 100% death tax decrease the taxes dramatically on income and capital gains throughout the entire life that someone has but basically eliminate the transfers of wealth and what that does is I think it will create a world where people become become significantly more giving as they get older anyways because they know they can't take it with them both in the like we know we can't take it with us but for some reason we have this diluted idea that we're going to be able to pass it on to people and so I think it would force the people who know that the government is going to tax them I don't think that they would want all that money to go away and so what will happen is that in the in the end of their lives they will start giving it all away and then privately allocating the money where they are more efficient than the government is and actually have a massive improvement in the well-being of society as a whole and So think about that is like these these huge wealths get accumulated and then they just can't they can't just pass a generation and keep accumulating and accumulating it. Instead it just gets boom back and then it helps everybody else out. And so that is that is actually my best is in my opinion my best idea that I have uh to fix the tax system which would be massively decrease income tax, massively decrease capital gains because that would encourage investment. It would encourage people to work. It would mass it would increase the amount of innovation. It would increase foreign money coming into the company the company into the United States and the country. The death tax the fact that you can't transfer the wealth to you know people without you could do 100% you could do 90% whatever it is right some big percentage and I'm sure you could write a little bit of you know clauses around like spouses directly or something like that but basically not down generations. I think that would be a really cool way to incentivize everybody who accumulates a lot of wealth to end up giving it away. And the key part that I think makes it interesting is that because they will give it away rather than getting it taxed, they will privately allocate the money where it's more effectively spent than the government does. And I think that overall would flood uh the US with pretty probably all the social systems that it would need um privately funded more efficiently and probably alternative educations and the things that the people who make the most money are passionate about. And what's interesting here too is that the people who make lots and lots of money, first generation is very very different from second and third generation wealth. they talk about all the time the one you know one first generation builds it second generation uh maintains it third generation destroys it and the people who are builders mo most times I think it's like 85 like don't quote me but I think it's like 85% of the the Forbes list are self-made and so people talk about these billionaires like they're these terrible people but like they're they're one of us who just made it right and so giving those people typically I think start caring about everyone the wider up you go the higher up the the because you don't need to satisfy your needs anymore you're really just trying to help humanity at this point and so I think that you'd have the best most innovative people trying to make an impact on humanity rather than leaving a legacy to their very concentrated family. Anyways, that's Alex's two cents on on Joe Biden's plan. Welcome to Mosy Nation if you're new. Most of the times I talk about business stuff. This one was an exception. If you enjoyed it, let me know. If you hated it, also let me know. Keep being amazing. I'll catch you guys in the next video. back.