Title: Entrepreneurs, your lack of focus is killing your business.
Video ID: uRhArskhqms
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRhArskhqms
================================================================================

Hi, my name is Alex Ramoszi and I own acquisition.com and our portfolio companies will do $85 million this year. What I want to talk about today is one of the the pivotal moments in my life that that took me from uh really just getting into a head-on collision in a DUI and having basically no money to my name to, you know, 12 months later uh having $3 million in profits, not knowing what to do with it. There was a series of decisions that happened um in that period of time that radically transformed my life. And so I want to talk to you about one of the more significant ones today. And so uh kind of like I just alluded to leading into my DUI head-on collision, I had six gyms, two with one partner, I had uh four three with another partner, and then I had one on my own. So I had all these kind of weird arrangements that were going on in my life at that time. Um, I also had a partner that I was doing a 50/50 split for uh dental agency work and another and the same partner we also had an agency together for chiropractic agency work. I'm also doing in-person gym launches. So that means that I'm I was flying out in person and doing gym turnarounds and trying to launch gyms. And at the time I was so stressed that I was drinking I mean probably half a bottle every night just to honestly not to get drunk but just to not be stressed. It took me a really long time to just even like function you know what I mean in the morning cuz I was so spread thin mentally. And what I want to kind of talk you through is some of the decisions and how I thought through them because I don't know where you're at right now and it doesn't really matter what the scale is of what the decisions are because I've made decisions like this at multiple times in my life. I ended up going to an attention coach. I know it sounds ridiculous, but I went to a coach to help me manage my attention. And so, one of the things that I think us as entrepreneurs, we think about all the time is like, you know, we're managing our time. We're trying to be productive. And I worked every hour of the day that I was awake. And yet, I still didn't have that much money at the time. Everything was tied up in, you know, the gyms and all that kind of stuff and cash flow for employees and all that kind of jazz. And this uh this coach had kept telling me, he's like, "You need to, you know, you need to aggregate your attention. You need to focus." He's like, "You're spread all over the place." I pretty much just like would nod along and and listen and I tried to do some of the stuff they told me to do. But um I wasn't making I mean I was making some progress. Uh but it wasn't until uh I uh drank so much that I ended up uh getting into a head-on collision at 60 mph on the highway. Uh and I actually walked away um from that. And uh it wasn't I didn't hit anyone. I was actually getting pulled over and there was a car that was in the in the side the shoulder um that was turned off. It was dark. And so I was looking over my shoulder um and just kind of going from lane to lane as I was, you know, getting into the shoulder as I was getting pulled over. As I was getting pulled over by the cop in the shoulder, there's a black car and I just I nailed it. And so anyways, uh they say that because I was drunk, I was really relaxed and that's why I didn't get any injuries. Who knows? But anyways, I stepped out of the car, you know, I'm I'm I'm getting whatever they do, you know, signed, you know, signed paperwork, whatever. And um the next day uh after Ila picked me up from jail as my girlfriend, not um not my wife at the time, she was like, "This guy's a real winner." Anyways, and so she picks me up and uh the next day uh I have a conversation with him obviously and he's like he's like, "Your lack of making decisions is going to kill you." And I remember him saying that to me and he was like, "The reason you're stressed is because you have all these decisions that you know you should make and you're not making them." I wanted to make this because uh I wanted to talk about probably the the the the second hardest decision I made in my life. The hardest decision was quitting my job. Probably the second hardest decision was was the decisions that I had it was a multitude of decisions that I had to make that I knew I was supposed to make and I just didn't know how to confront them. And it seems like it's a common theme in my life that when I I only make decisions when I'm literally confronted with my own mortality. And so if you notice that as a common theme among my stuff, it's because for some reason I can't get myself to decide to do things unless I literally think I'm going to die. And so I saw this and it it became the the catalyst for me making a number of changes in my life. And so what I did over the next, you know, really the next 48 hours was a rapid series of decisions that consolidated all my attention um into one thing. And so that's what I want to talk to you about. So, the first thing I did, I called up the partner that I had the two agencies with, and I said, "Hey, I can't do this. I'm I'm doing gym agency work where I'm flying out and doing turnarounds. I'm doing dental agency work. We're doing chiropractor agency where I was like, I can't do any of it." So, I'm I'm just I'm out. I just was like, I'm out. You can have everything. I'm done. It was like, okay. Um, and that was a horrible conversation to have because I felt like I was letting a partner down. And then I called up um the partner that I had in uh in in in the the multitude of gyms, more of the gyms. Um and I said, "Hey, you know, how can we figure out a way for us to, you know, walk away? I want to do this gym launch stuff." Um and so, you know, we ended up working it out. And I basically gave away the gyms at fire sale numbers, more or less. I was able to sell uh two of them successfully in a in a for a better number, but the rest of them I pretty much just gave away. And then uh the partner that I had that I was in the new gym with, I said, you know, hey, I'm I'm I don't I don't want to do this anymore. I need to focus on on gym launch. Obviously, all those conversations did not go, you know, super well. They weren't super wellreceived, but I think I just was only able to have the courage to do it because I had almost died the night before. And so it just gave me this massive perspective where I was like, am I I'm so afraid of letting these people down that I that I might die. And so I um I ended up making that all those decisions just in a matter of like a day or two and had having those conversations. And so I think the the the the lesson for me um that I've taken with me that's been the most valuable thing of this is one you won't die when you make those those calls but second a lot of times I feel like when I was a newer entrepreneur and even as I feel it as I accumulate un unmade decisions right I think we accumulate these unmade decisions or unmade unconfronted conversations and what happens is there's like a portion of my brain and my decision-m my thinking power that just gets allocated ated to this chunk this this decision right that needs to be made that is unmade that I know I should make and I probably know what the right call is but it's just sitting there unmade and so it's like as we start accumulating these things it's like my my actual amount of of thinking power continues to decrease until it get to the point where you're so reactive because you have no brain power and as a small like correlator to that I don't know if you've ever like if you remember when you were a kid and you had like homework or something like that and you were like staring at a math problem you couldn't figure it out and um and you know you're you're staying up late into the night and you're like whatever I'm going to go to sleep and see if I can think about in the morning. Um and then you wake up the next day and you feel refreshed and and you look at the problem and it's seems obvious. You're like oh it does here it is and then it's done right. Um I feel like that is the that is an expression of having far more attention, far more decision-m power, far more thinking power. Um because you can concentrate on this one thing and all of a sudden it seems easy. And I think that business and life are a lot like that. At least they have been for me where it's like if I feel like I like simple decisions are are take an inordinate amount of effort. It's because I'm too distracted. I have too many things, too many unmade decisions, too many unconfronted conversations that I need to have. And um those can be life conversations with a spouse. They can be conversations with parents. They can be conversations with siblings. They can be conversations with business partners. They can be conversations with employees. They can be decisions that must be made. And I think one of the power most powerful things that that I've tried to remember is like I'm only one decision away from changing my life. just one decision. I'm one decision away from from changing my life. I can quit my job. That is one decision, right? I can start a business. That is one decision. These are decisions that we have to make at some point in our life. And these are like the crossroads. There's two kind of major major themes that I have. One is that most people don't regret doing things. They regret not doing things. And so I know that when I die, I don't want to regret not having done things. I'd rather do things than fail. So that I do not have the regret. And I'll have the experience. And having that kind of thought process has been extremely helpful for me to draw back to the point of uh this this whole thing when I made these decisions and Ila was with me because she basically said as well after I got off the phone call with the coach she was like if you don't change things she's like I'm not like this this has got to change like I'm not going to be around. She kind of indicated that. She didn't say it directly, but I think I understood. I could read between the lines. And I valued my relationship with her uh more than a lot of the other things that were going on on in my life. And I could tell that she was a little bit outside of the storm that was Alex Herozi at the time, the storm of chaos. Um and so she was like, "You have to make these calls." And so I made these calls physically, like phone calls and also these decisions. And what resulted next was really the you know I had to suffer the pain of the consequence of those decisions which was very hard for me. Um but I felt determined that I had made those decisions. I felt confident and I felt like I had more attention and more bandwidth at my disposal because I'd made the tough calls and I started believing in myself more because I was like man if I can make these calls then I can do this next thing. And so that was kind of I would say the explosion that created the beginning momentum of like I can do this. after I basically shut down as many different side projects as I could, um that's when I went all in on Gym Launch. And so Gym Launch actually was started in 2016, which was probably 2016 into the first half of 2017 was like the worst 18 months of my entire life. And that was also when I coincidentally met Ila, my wife. Um so she saw me at the absolute worst. Um and for some reason decided to stay with me because she believed. Um which is why she'll always have my my eternal gratitude. We made this call. I I ended three partnerships. Um I sold sold or let go of fire sold. You know, at the time I guess if you if you were just trying to number those I had like 11 b nine businesses or something that was going on. And so this is one of those things where people were like man I have I have I have so many businesses uh you know etc. And it's like you have to do them in the right sequence. Like I didn't even I wasn't barely making any money and I had all these businesses so I could feel good about my status when in reality I knew that I wasn't that successful. And so, um, it was only when Leila was like, "This gym launch thing is working. Like, all we have to do is just give it our full attention and it will work." At that point, I felt so I want to say defeated, but I also felt like my my my slate was clean, right? I had cleaned the slate and like I pushed everything off to the side um in the face of my of my mortality. Um, that the stress of not making these decisions was going to kill me. And so, um, that's when I just focused full in on on gym lunch. And, um, and things kind of took off. And I think in another video I'll tell you that story of how how things actually started there. Um because I think it's valuable for a lot of people who are going through it right now. Um but I guess I wanted to make this video because the the takeaway that I had from that is that I'm always one decision away from changing my life. And um I'm often one conversation away um from getting my attention back. I'm one decision away from getting all my attention back um from where I'm feeling distracted. So I don't know where you're at right now, but the most valuable thing that we have as entrepreneurs is not our time, but our attention. If we have all of the time, but we have a million things going on, we are useless because we have no decision-making power. We have no thinking power because little pieces of our brain are being allocated these un unformed, unfalized decisions um that maybe can cost you your life. And I don't know, I mean, it did almost for me, which is why I've been so ruthless with my attention since then. Um and so and and had to by by consequence so disciplined with my focus. It's not because I'm naturally that way. So hopefully this story will illustrate that to you that this was not something that naturally came to me but was a decision that I had to make to save myself. And so um don't know where you're at right now. My name's Alex Rosie. We own acquisition.com. Uh our portfolio companies now do about $85 million a year. Um I made this channel because a lot of people are broke and I don't want you to be one of them. And uh I think that everyone has 100% within their control to become the top 1% of the United States. Uh which is already the top whatever percent in the world. So anyways, lots of everyone. Um if you did like this, hit the subscribe button. If you didn't, love you either way. Uh, and I'll see you in the next video.