Title: Why entrepreneurs stay broke and sad [trigger warning]
Video ID: gN--zZi3Nfc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN--zZi3Nfc
================================================================================

What's going on, Mozy Nation? In this video, this is a hot take uh that I had when I was uh very very fed up with the amount of people who are failing at life and business. Um and this is one of the top 300 videos that I released into a private uh community that I had for three or four years that were not public. Um and so I wanted to share kind of the share kind of the the best of that community. And uh this one was entitled I have the tiger and sustained victory. And it was, I think, a a mind sha mindset and perspective shift that will provide significant value to you. And uh I think it will be worth the uh the investment of time to get the the uh return from it. And so uh if you're new to the channel, by the way, my name's Alexi Acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of companies that does about $85 million a year. All right? So uh I make this channel and I make these videos because a lot of people are broke and I don't want you to be one of them. And so that is why I try and share the lessons and the failures that we've had uh to get to this point because I think that a lot of people can be more successful if they just had a couple of different tools and frameworks to see the world. So lots of love and enjoy the video. What I wanted to talk to you about today was uh Eye of the Tiger. So I just had our um like a 3-day mastermind type thing with the top sellers. So two out of the three gyms who came here were over seven figures and the other one is going to probably hit it within the next three months. Um, so it's really it was great because it was a really higher level conversation um that I might typically have with entrepreneurs, which is fun. What we talked about was kind of more amorphous, but I think it's incredibly valuable and I think it's probably the the one thing that sets apart the guys who are really winners/gals who are really winners and the ones who aren't. And so it's really just around hunger. What I mean by that is recently I had uh some of our some of our older OG gym lords who've been a while you know I mean they they they they turned their gym around they've grown they're at you know you know close to seven figures or right around there and they've been doing it for a while and they were complaining about show rates they're like hey our show rates are low and um you know you go through the saying well you're doing the reminders are you doing all this blah blah yeah we're doing all this stuff okay cool and uh I dig a little bit deeper and I look and it turns out that they're only open one hour per day at 7:15 a.m. for their availability availability for for new clients. And I'm like, how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think that you're going to grow your business if the only time that you can take new customers is at 7:15 a.m.? In what world does that make sense, right? Like, imagine a grocery store that's only open from 7 to to 7:30 because that's when it's convenient for the owner. What chance do you think that that that grocery store has at succeeding? Virtually none. And so what happens is people have success, they implement tactics, they use gym watch and then they make money, right? And then what happens? They get comfortable. They get complacent, right? And they lose their hunger. Like after that point, everything like it's almost like I almost say like after you after you've like quote made it in your mind and that's what's funny is that making it in some people's mind is like having 10 grand in their bank account. So, like it's scary in terms of what level of making it is, but like once people have made it, I almost want to say like none of these tactics matter because you're just not hungry. Like it doesn't matter. Like the obvious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you aren't doing. You know what I mean? If your child was going to die or your spouse or your significant other, your family member, whatever it was, was going to die unless you succeeded, unless you got more clients, unless you made more money with your gym. How would you approach it? Right? Would you only be available for 1 hour a day? Would you only be available from 7 to 8 a.m.? Would you only set aside an hour a day to prospect for new customers? Would you only reach out to your existing customers if they hadn't shown up for a month? Sometimes people ask questions that they already know the answer to. It's like, duh, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? And and and it goes back to the the the main thing, which is like what drives you, right? Like what drives you what drives you to be better? What drives you to continue to want to win? I was asked that question yesterday by the the gym owners that were here and I think honestly it comes from a dark place and I think I've said this before but like I'm saying it again because I think people need to hear it. Sometimes you have to wonder like why is it that only when someone else's life is on the line do you then actually try, right? Like why is it only then you actually cut all the noise out of your life and then would go laser focused on actually succeeding. Like why can't we do that all the time, right? Like why can't we do that? Because it's like well then I wouldn't be happy whatever, right? Like whatever happiness means, right? And so the people who are the most successful in the world are driven by something that is deep inside of them that is normally an insecurity or a fear of some sort. If you're only trying to make enough to live on, you will always only make enough to live on. And you will slack the moment you get comfortable and you will wonder why is it that as soon as I start making money, I stop. Because you actually don't want to make more. That's why you actually don't want to make more. And so your internal motivation is not is not there. Like because you've accomplished what you set out to accomplish. The real question is, do you actually want what you claim to want? Do you actually want it? Because if you did, you'd already have it. You'd already you'd already be willing to sacrifice other things in order to achieve it. And that might mean like maybe waking up earlier, maybe like working 4 to 8 p.m. to take sales appointments or whatever that thing is. It's just the obvious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like if you were coaching you, what would you recommend you to do? Right? Like a lot of times if you think about it like you most of the time know what to do like you do on some level like you probably know that you're like man I do stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sometimes right you probably think that on some level sometimes right then and you're like man if I were if you could step out of yourself and say I need to coach myself you probably have the answer and it's just that you don't do it for some reason and so all of your attention should be on that reason why is it that this thing is preventing me from doing the things that I already know I should do. Like this last mastermind that I had sort of for the top sellers was really interesting for me because it was the first time that I had no one who had extra [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I didn't have any like everyone there had really like clean lives outside like were really focused and just focused on doing the things that were going to grow their business. The conversations are actually really easy and very direct. Most times it's like okay well here's the obvious hole in your business but you're not doing anything about it. So, let's attack why you're not doing anything about it, right? And so, then I have to spend the next hour and a half digging into why they're not doing anything about it, which has much more to do with how they manage their headsp space and how they manage their relationships and how they manage their, you know, and because what ends up happening is they start focusing on their business. Their personal life goes to shambles. They then are like, "Oh my gosh, my personal life is going to shambles. I need to stop paying attention to my my business." They go to pay attention to their personal life and their gym explodes, right? And it's just this this consistent cycle because they just don't know how to just do both or they don't know how to prioritize things. All this to say like it's just like how hungry are you? Like how willing are you to put in what you need to achieve? Like and if you're not then that's cool then just to stop stop saying you want it. You know what I mean? Just be like I only want to make $10,000 a month. That's it. It's like cool. then just say that and be good with it rather than constantly complaining about how you're not because you're not even willing to do the things that that you already know you should do. Like right now I get on the phone with gym owners like I know I should work my leads harder. I know I I know I should go through the sales trainings more. Like I know I should, you know, go through the portal. I know I should I know I should meet with my team more. I know I should pour my like then why aren't you why aren't you like why? Like why? Like I know like I know you have time because other people have time and have the same business as you. So you have time. So why aren't you? Because once you have the tactics, right? And this is one of the biggest the freeing and also most soul crushing parts of gym launch is that once once once a gym owner joins gym launch, you know how to make a sevenf figureure gym. You know how to do it. And so then it reflects back onto you. It's like, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm the reason that we're not there. And you have to swallow that, right? Because up until they go to gym, people have been doing it for five years, seven years, eight years, and they're like, I don't know how. And then once they see how, then they're like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not sure if I'm willing to do that." It's like, "Cool." Once they know that there is no secret, there is no hack. It's literally like Mike Grandon was he uses the term chopping wood. Like I call doing the boring work. He's like, "It's chopping wood." It's reps. It's day in day out. You got to reach out to people. You got to give great service. Write the handwritten cards. Like remind people to weigh in. You have to work the leads. When the person comes in the door, you have to be enthusiastic. You got to greet them with a smile. You have to ask the same questions over and over and over again because to that person, it's the first time they've ever heard it. And it doesn't matter if if it's the hundth time that month you asked the same questions to that person, to that person, it's day one. And so if you were trying to be successful, do you think that only having availability for sales appointments at 7:15 to 7:45 in the morning once a day is going to get you the optimal outcome? Do you need a coach to tell you that? Really? You know what I mean? Like really? And and so like or or there was another one that I saw that was like between 9:00 am and 11 a.m. that was their availability. H good luck with that. That's when that's when the people who have the most money are available, right? 9 to 11 during the week. We know what to do, right? Anyone who's in our world, like you know what to do. It's just you have to figure out why you're not doing it, right? And then attack that because the tactics aren't the thing anymore, right? [clears throat] The tactics are there. You can read a book and give it away for free, right? Like you can do that, but like figure out why you're not hungry. Figure out why you're not tr like why you're not trying. Like just figure it out. Like there might be something inside. Maybe you don't want more. And like you need to discover that. It's like okay then like now you know. But like if you claim to want more and yet you can't do what's necessary to get more, then that's where your attention should go and you should figure that out because otherwise it doesn't matter what tactics there are. You're just not going to do them anyways. So what's the point? So anyways, it was incredibly refreshing to have the three guys who were out here. Uh we had Ed Turney, uh Mike Redstone. So both those guys have been over, you know, seven figures, uh run rates for a while and doing really, really well. Those guys were just like, "What do I need to do?" Like because they're like they're clear eyes, you know, toes forward, know exactly what to do. And I was like, why is it that these meetings are so much easier than some of the other meetings I had? And so we probably spent a little bit of the day kind of digging into that. And um it's just a question of how bad you want it. I really think that's it. And like figuring out why you're not doing what you already know you should do in order to achieve it. Like do you need to go pay someone a bunch of money in order to then get motivated? I don't know. Like hopefully your kid doesn't need to be kidnapped in order for you to get motivated about your business. Hopefully, right? And so it's like what what is that thing for me? It's just fear. It's just fear and insecurity. It's fear of failing. Fear of not being good enough. Fear of people who hated to be right. You know what I mean? That's my fear. And so I just like that's what drives me. It's not about money. Like it couldn't have been about money because I don't need anymore for the rest of my life at all. So like it can't be about that. But if it is like about that for you and you feel like when you make your first $20,000 take home month, your first $40,000 take home month, your first $50,000 $100,000 take home month, the first time you hit that, like if that's where you're like, oh, and you feel this big sigh of relief, then your motivation is not coming from the right place. I'm tell I I'm telling you straight up. If you feel relief when you make a lot of money one month, your motivation is not coming from the place of a champion. If you want to be the best in the world at something, that's not going to do anything for you. You shouldn't feel anything from that. Feel nothing really because it's not about that. That's just that's just an output. That's an output from internal efforts. And you should be focused more on the internal efforts and all of the deficiencies that you probably had in still hitting the 100K. It's like, "Oh my gosh, if we hadn't done this, this, and this, we would have been less." Right? And if we had done this and this, we would have been more. Like, that's what you're focusing on. And you're only focusing on those things. And um if you can do that, then you'll be able to unlock something inside of you that's much stronger than what might currently be driving you. Anyways guys, hope you have an amazing uh Saturday. Drop a like if you feel like this was cool. Drop a comment if you feel like it was cool. If you don't, then that's cool, too. Anyways guys, have an amazing day and I will catch you guys soon. Hopefully that was valuable. For somebody who is on the fence, who's like not sure about why they can't achieve what they want, why they can't be consistent. It's because your motivation is not coming from the right place, right? You're just trying to make enough money to live on. And the moment you make enough money, you stop working and then you wait for things to blow up again until you try hard again. How many times, All right, I'm going on a second little rant. How many times have you needed to make money and then immediately made the amount of money that you needed in like a day, in like a week, right? You need to make payroll. I got to make 10 grand in the next three days. How do How many times has that happened to you and you always make it work? Why? Because you already know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do, right? You just choose not to do it. You choose not to do it. You choose not to make money when you know how to make money because whenever you need to make money, you make it. And so that's what you have to attack. You have to figure out why when you already know how to make money, you don't do it. That is the the summary of this entire this entire talk that I was trying to get out of myself is like you already know how to do it. When you need to do it, you do do it. So why aren't you doing it? That is what you need to focus on. And if you can conquer that piece, no amount of money in the world will satisfy you. And that is what's going to unlock your ability to become greater and for you to build your business to something that is much greater than yourself. Because if the only thing that you want to satisfy is you, you're going to stay this small. You're going to stay this big. Because to satisfy a single person or a single family doesn't mean a lot, right? But if you want to satisfy a community, you want to satisfy a state, you want to satisfy a nation, you want to satisfy entire group of people, it has to be bigger than you. And um and so yeah, so anyways, uh hopefully that might resonated with somebody. And if it didn't, then um I apologize for the agg extra aggressiveness on this Saturday morning. Um but anyways, drop a like, drop a comment, and uh lots of love. I'll get you guys on the flip side. All right.