Title: FBI Persuasion Scientist Breaks Down Alex Hormozis 105 Mil/Day Pitch
Video ID: QuxwyZq4oI0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuxwyZq4oI0
================================================================================

I don't know if you saw this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ridiculous. My buddy Alexi literally made $105 million in a single day, 24 hours via his book launch stream on YouTube he did earlier this week. You might have even seen a very good-looking, talented, buff, and extremely rich young man on that stream as well, but he's too humble. He wouldn't want me to talk him up, so I'm not going to do that. What I am going to do in this video is I'm going to break down every single tactic that Alex used. And then I'm also going to give you free courses, literally the entire blueprint that will allow you to replicate this for free as we go through these tactics in this video. It's not going to require an opt-in. I don't want your money. You're just going to get these entire courses that I made in the past covering the tactics that Alex used, specifically webinars, live selling, and closing. I'm just going to give you these as the video progresses or link you to them where I have them stored on YouTube. So, you're going to want to pay attention because these courses absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I had some of the best webinars and closing courses back in the day when I sold courses for money. I'm too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich now to do that anymore. So, I just give the content away for free now. It's not my business model of choice to sell courses. I'm a software guy now. But, I'm going to give you these. And the reason why you want these is because I personally believe Alex is the Michael Jordan of internet marketing and marketing period of all time. There's no one that's ever done it as well as he has the past couple years. Him and Ila and their team, incredible. Now, that being said, everything you saw him do on this stream, everything you saw him do on YouTube, it is bread and butter internet marketing tactics. What you saw on the stream was not any new marketing technology. It's all stuff that's been done hundreds and thousands of times in internet marketing done at its highest level with brand and all the work that Alex and Ila have put into building all the trust and rapport with millions of people. But what I'm going to do in this video is break down every single tactic that Alex used, explain why it's so effective, so you can kind of see the matrix of what's going on, and then I'll actually give you full courses that teach you how to do these tactics on your own. All the pitching styles, all the closing styles, everything you saw, it's all going to be demystified in this video cuz I used to be back in the day the webinar [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You go by a red light district in Vegas, I was there whoring out webinars for a time period in internet marketing. I think I was probably the best webinar writer. and live closer in the space. I was building business after business that was making millions of dollars per month running ads to webinars that closed people to high ticket products, which is exactly what Alex did. So, I'm probably one of the most qualified people to tell you exactly step by step what he did here, explain it to you. Then, like I said, I'm going to give you the courses that I created that taught this process 100% for free. And there's literally no catch. Actually, there's one. You got to be subscribed because when I link you to these courses, if you're not subscribed, the link will break because you won't be able to see the community section on YouTube where I link you to all these courses. So, let's get started. Let's begin. So, what I want to do right now is break down the entire funnel to you and explain each step and why it's being done. Because look, I used to write these things and this was my core bread and butter selling process for almost five, six years. This is what I did all day, every day. So, as I see Alex doing these things, it's it's almost like watching someone, I don't know, throw a football when you've been playing quarterback for 15 years. Like, every part of the throw makes sense. But if you're new to this or you're new to marketing or you're new to business building, you're probably wondering why the f is he sending people to a live stream? What did he say in the live stream that got everybody to buy? Why did he do a live stream in the first place? Why did he give away a bunch of free products on the stream? And why did he stack all these products on top of each other and then ask for book donations and then sell something specifically at a $6,000 price point? And then why did he have all these mechanisms and why did everybody buy on the stream? All these things seem like and it looks like you you got Luke Skywalker using the force which he is. I'm I'm not taking away anything from Alex and Leela in this. I don't want to say anything they're doing is easily replicatable. I'm saying the tactics and strategy and the funnel and the format of the selling that's easily replicatable. The brand, the trust, the amount of people they got on, the reach, the ad spend to get everybody there, the business branding they built with acquisition the past five years or however long they've been doing it. Not easily replicatable, but the tactics and pitch itself are replicatable. And it's so damn effective that I'm not saying you're going to make $100 million in a day. But I used to crank these things out and I get a business to a million a month within like I don't know 3 4 weeks, 2 months of launching it. Because this process right here cooks if you know how to apply it. Okay. So I'm going to show you everything that's going on here. So how this funnel works that Alex did is of course you had all of Alex's organic reach and you also had his ads. All right. So you had traffic generation which is critical right here. Now, for you, if you want to get this part done, you make YouTube channels, you do Instagram, you get social media traffic, or you learn how to run ads, which I've broken down insane amounts on this channel. By the way, all the courses I link you to will take you through my ad buying strategies, which I I have one of the largest ad tracking companies in the entire world right now, Hyros, and also one of the best AI agent companies with the new air proc we launched. Trust me, you just put it on your site, you will see three to seven% more income from your business. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ridiculous. I'm not even going to pitch it in this video because we can't even take that many customers on it right now. But you just put this thing on a site, it makes business like there's this one business right here, ecom store at a $25,000 in sales just putting this AI agent on their site and it's so damn good. We don't even charge for it upfront. Like you can just put on your site, you'll see the money coming in and then after you make money, we're like, "Hey, do you want to pay for this free money that's coming in?" It it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick. I'm proud of it, but I'm not here to talk about in the video. The reason why I have the ad tracking company backing up to that is because I ran ads for literally a decade. Like I was all I do. I ran ads to webinars, which is what we're talking about right here. And I needed to find ways to track the sales that came from the webinars, which were very difficult to track because when you send people down this funnel, it usually takes 5 to 7 days for them to buy. So it's impossible to track it with Facebook or Google ads. That's what Hyros, my company, I originally designed to do. Now it tracks literally everything. But this is how I know so much about ads. And again, you'll get this course for free in this video. I'll give you the link here in a bit. And I'm going to strew these links for these courses around so you have to actually watch the video, right? I'm going to give one at a time in different places. Here's the ad course in the top right hand corner or popping up somewhere in this video right now. Maybe there'll be a URL you can go to. The webinar and funnel courses will be coming. So, look, if you want to get this done, you're going to go need to generate social media traffic or run ads. I see so many YouTube channels. For example, I I don't I don't care about your opinion of Ian Gazi, but a lot of his traffic all comes from originally all came from like YouTube and his Instagram post. So, we generate tons of traffic via free traffic. I like buying ads because I don't like having to dance like a monkey to generate traffic, but that's whatever. So, then what you're going to send people to is an opt-in page where they sign up for a webinar. Now, we did this cheeky thing back in the day because in internet marketing, we're pieces of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, uh, what we do is these things called auto webinars where you have people sign up and it seems like a live stream is starting, uh, but you're not actually doing the live stream. Now, this still goes on to this day. I don't know how it still goes on because people are a little bit more techsavvy these days, but I mean, Tai Lopez, myself, tons of people. I mean, you're still going to see these doing these fake live webinars, sending them to it just generates the big bucks. Alex's huge thing right here is he did this fully live. And I doubt you're going to see Alex doing an auto webinar because it's a great way to break trust, especially when you're doing it on a large stage. So the reason why I did these back in the day is because I was sending tons of ad traffic every single day to these webinars. So it was impossible for me to do 50 streams a day, okay? So I could have this auto webinar playing. I think here very soon when we can have AI do webinars, so you have an AI live streaming the webinar that's indistinguishable from you. I think that's going to be one of the biggest cash cows ever. I don't know why people haven't made that product yet. If I was not doing Hyros, I would be dumping I would be fuming in my pants to make a product that does that and sell it. Okay. So, anyways, you send people to these you send people to sign up for a live stream, which I'm going to call webinar for the rest of this that is either automated or fully live. All right. So, for example, if we go look at Alex's site right here, this is not the stream optin. I don't think they have it live anymore, but you can see this goes and collects their information. And so, you're going to collect their email, their information, and you're going to send them a bunch of follow-up emails and announcements telling them when you're going to be live to give a presentation. Now, then what is going to happen on these is you're going to sell something high ticket. So, high ticket is something anywhere from 1K to 6K to I've even seen 25K on these. At this point, what you're going to do is you're going to use a very specific close sequence that is tied in to the webinar itself. See, the real power of these webinars, and I'm going to explain why you're doing this process here in a minute, is that you have people on live and there's massive scarcity because they can't get off live and they're going to lose the deals and what you're selling if they don't buy on that call. So you're able to apply all the highest most impact forms of marketing and sales and persuasion all in one place because to get someone from point A which is not knowing you or clicking on an ad or coming to sign up for your webinar and get them to spend 1,000 6,000 $25,000 with you or book a call with you where you can even sell something worth 50,000. I've seen it all done before. That takes some real freaking persuasion. And the only way to do it is with a funnel like this or a funnel where you send people to book a call with you and then you sell on the phone, which is what I prefer. And if you look at Hyros, for example, we use this funnel. I already explained that funnel about two videos ago. There will be a link to it popping up right now. There will also be a link to that one in the description because it's on YouTube. That will explain my entire call funnel at Hyros, which has built a company that is valued at multiple hundred millions of dollars. So, it's a pretty good funnel. you you should check it out. It's not too bad. But we're not talking about that type of funnel right now. So, what I want to do before going into each of these steps is I want to explain why we're doing this. So, I already gave you a little bit of a summary of why we are doing this. It's because in order to get someone to spend $6,000 with you or more, you need to spend a lot of time with them and you need to thoroughly convince them and walk them through all the steps of persuasion and then crush them with scarcity and FOMO to get them to move across this line. Now, I know what a lot of people who are not in sales are going to think about this. They're going to think this sounds evil and manipulative. Yes, that's what sales is. It's it's manipulating a person to do what you want or persuade them. Now, the thing about sales is it can be used just like the force. It can be used for good or evil. So, for example, uh I've seen these webinar funnels used to sell the biggest croc of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you've ever seen. There's all the the Amazon automation and crazy stuff that we saw like four or five years ago where people just getting ripped off left and right and people running these auto webinars. So all sorts of nonsense. It's so effective at persuading people that yes, you can use it for evil. You can also use it for good and to get people good products. So for example, when I ran my webinars to get people on the high and stuff, Hyros delivers results or people don't pay for it. So if a person comes on Hyros and they don't see their ad ROI grow where they're making 10x what they pay for hyros, they just get a refund. They don't pay for it. But Hyros has been around for like five, seven years. We have some of the biggest clients in the space. Hyros delivers that result. So I use this process to sell things that get results. Or for example, if you looked at Alex using this, he used every single persuasion or manipulative, whatever you want to label it as technique in the book. But his product rocks and people are really happy with it. And those things deliver results. That 6K that you give Alex for the example, I really I really don't think people are going to fail to get an ROI on that product. They apply it. And I'm pretty sure he has a refund strategy or something like that. So before you jump into this is manipulative and evil kind of stuff, the best sales push people to their absolute brink to get them to close on something. Now there are brinks you can push people to on here that are unethical. Like getting people to take out massive debt they shouldn't do. You can like really push people down a rabbit hole. And I've seen it like events where they're taking retirees outside and they're getting them to call their banks to take out a $25,000 loan to pay for some some nonsense. There's all sorts of unethical [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we can do with this. It depends on how you use it. So, I had to give that little pretense because I know a lot of people that aren't used to sales just automatically hate sales in general. It it's the force. It can be used for good or evil. Anyways, the reason why we use this is it's we go and put people through this entire persuasion process. And this is what you need to walk people to the point where they're ready to actually spend and they believe you and they think they're going to get something for the high amount you're charging. Again, you have to deliver after or you're going to be in trouble doing this. Okay? I I saw a lot of people the last couple years get in trouble with the FTC and stuff for using processes like this to sell stuff that did not deliver. So be careful. Be careful. Use it for good. Then what you do once you walk through this is you crush them with all the elements of scarcity and FOMO that you can only really trigger on these live or simulated live events. And that's what results in the huge pimple popping sales results that you saw Alex do right there. That's why you saw everyone all his customers from like four or five years all bulked up all buy on this single call within 24 hours. It's because you can accomplish this with the streams. So, let me walk you through every one of these steps and and how this is going to work. So, first step right here I talked about before, just imagine we're sending people to a page. I'm sure you saw Alex's um live stream page where we collect people's information and we get them to sign up for either a live stream with us or an automated webinar. I'm not going to teach you how to make the automated webinars in this video because that's an entire different course which is linked to right now. There's a URL appearing in the video. It teaches how to make the automated webinars that I used to run. Use them for good. You can do some funky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with these. Anyways, you're going to send people to these these webinars, get them to sign up for a stream. Now, during the webinars, what we're going to be accomplishing is a whole bunch of things. So, you get people to come and attend that webinar with you. And you have to understand there's different phases to a webinar. And this is why these things work so well. Okay, so the first thing and the reason why webinars work so well is because you have the person locked in. All right, they can't go and if they if they leave, it's the same thing if you're watching a stream on Twitch. You're going to miss something. Okay? And so the way a really good webinar format works and I'm pretty sure Alex used the same exact script right here because this what you need to understand about sales scripts is that universally there is a pattern that you follow when you communicate with people to persuade them to do things. Okay? And so every sales script is universally going to tie back into this pattern. People might say different things. They might change steps here and there, but overall they're going to be following this pattern every single time because the pattern to convince a human to do something is exactly the same no matter what. So what you're going to do on webinars, and again, this entire script and all the processes I write these webinars, there's like a 4hour video in these courses I'm going to give you breaking down the entire script. Okay? So, I'm not going to give the entire script right here. Just wait. Just wait. Let me pretense this. So, what's going to happen right here is the first 10 minutes or so, you're going to build trust and rapport and belief. Okay? So, I want you to imagine a sales pitch is like punching someone in the face. Okay? And what you need to do to really deliver as much damage as possible is you need to get the person to drop their guard, lift their head up, be completely listening to you, and wide open. All right. When people come on a webinar, what is happening is they are not wide open. They're skeptical. And basically what you're trying to do in the entire webinar is show them something that's going to work and get them the result that they're looking for while quelling their skepticism meter. So whenever you're selling to somebody, they have this skepticism meter that is constantly refilling. It's like you're playing a video game and this meter is constantly going back up. And even when you get it back down, every single time you make a claim or you say something's going to do something, the skepticism meter pops back up and you have to keep knocking it back down. You got to get the skepticism meter to zero and then you have to cross a line when it's at the lowest skepticism possible and induce FOMO. Okay? So, you get the person to a point where they fully believe everything you're saying. They fully have faith it's going to work for them. There's no doubt in their mind that it will work and it seems so consistent it will work. And then you go and use FOMO by basically offering them a chance to replicate this without any without doing anything. Basically, this is what you people want push button results. That's the best thing to sell. But you then go and you make an offer, but then you use massive amounts of FOMO to get them to cross over and complete that. So they believe it's going to work and then you need to find every single way like a pimple to push them across the border to get them to buy something from you by using various methods like adding value. For example, you saw Alex Extreme. He added tons of value by adding additional offers. You have a timebased scarcity. You have something that disappears in the future. You have a no- risk guarantee. You remove all the risk. And so, you think of all the obstacles that people have to buy. You remove those. And you think of all the things to make them have to do it now that makes it just too good of an offer. And you add those. And doing those, you increase FOMO and get people to to buy. So, keep these in mind as we go through this entire process. So, what you're going to do is you're going to build rapport. How do you build rapport? Well, one, you introduce yourself, of course, but then you start verifying all your results, who you are, and why you're qualified to teach this. Okay, that's the most basic thing. There's a lot of really interesting things you can do, like having someone else introduce you because it actually makes you seem more of an authority when someone else is talking you up instead of yourself. That's what I actually used to do on my webinars and why my webinars were so effective is because I was never actually the person making the product or doing the teaching. What I would find is other people, so if for example, if you see all these gurus and influencers on on uh YouTube or whatever, they always seem to be like the the expert on something and they're always like moving with like the flavor of the month. Two years ago, they're selling ecom, now they're selling AI agents, now they're doing this. There's no way they can teach and be the expert on all these things. See, I realized that back in the day and instead of trying to make like crappy content that didn't work, I'd find the best possible people in the space and I'd partner up with them to make the course. So, I'd have the best people possible to teach it and I'd partner with them and I would actually handle all the selling because that's what I was really good at. So, what I would do, for example, is I had my buddy who was one of the top Shopify sellers of all time and we had a Shopify course, okay? And so, what I would do is I would have it come on and I would talk him up and show all of his results and all of his replicatable results and I'd also show the results of everybody else that has copied as his tactics and then say, "Look, this is this works. this works and we're going to be teaching you how to do this on the day. So, we're basically hooking people to sit in through the webinar and building massive amounts of trust through this. Okay? And then what I also like to do is you want to hook them to stay longer in the webinar by offering bonuses, additional content, and really talking up this strategy they're going to get into. Now, what we got to do at this point is we've built some trust and authority. And throughout this webinar, as we make claims, we're going to have to constantly come back to this trust and authority and proof. Anytime you make a claim or you say, "Oh, this is going to be amazing." You're going to have to back it up. So, for example, in Alex's event, every single time he talked about his results, he'd go find results from his clients. He go find results from the businesses he's acquired and apply these playbooks on or he'd show his own results over and over and over again. Now, you also then have to build actual connection. Okay? So, you need to hook someone with the results and trust that you can actually deliver what you're talking about on this. But before we actually deliver the content, we need to build connection. So on the webinar, you probably saw Alex showing tons of pictures of himself when he was in college and stuff like that. You do the same exact thing because you want to tell the story or the arc of the main character. It's just like a movie. So in our webinars, for example, Matt used to be like this broke guy who was in college and is pissed off as most men are. You're going to see this is the character arc for most dudes. We we hit about 20 and we get mad cuz we're broke and girls don't want to date us and so we set out to make tons of gobs of money to fix the glaring hole of insecurity that we have with ourselves. same arc every single dude. You can find every picture of every successful dude in like a college dorm room, pimples on his face in front of a computer like and this is this is it's a pretty common arc. That's what I'm saying. So anyways, you probably saw Alex doing this and what I would do is I'd show pictures of Matt and I tell his entire story of starting in Missouri doing all these things and how he actually got started making Shopify stores. Then he started templating the process and he started repeatedly using the template of the process to uh build I I think his stores are he's still absolutely crushing it. He's one of the largest Shopify sellers in the space but showing how he used the build I think on the back then he was doing like 200 300,000 a month uh in total Shopify sales or something like that. Okay. So what I'm doing is I'm telling the arc I'm building this connection with Matt. people see where I came from. And what I'm doing is making it seem whether I'm lying or not, which people lie all the time about this, or you can do like what Alex did where he actually came from nothing and most people relate to it. You're making the person who is actually going to be the teaching and so on in the course seem just like the person watching. And so you're making the connection what people, they don't care about anyone other than themselves. And so you're making the person relate the main character to themselves and view themselves as the main character and then showing the main character themselves going and getting the results so they see themselves which is for example if you're selling mostly to young men which we were that was the main demographic people signing up for e-commerce courses back showing them going from being the the zero to the hero to growing. And then what you want to do is make everything seem repeatable. Okay. And this is where we come back basically to building the trust again by showing other people then taking the process that got the hero from zero to hero and then showing how repeatable it is. Okay. So after you probably saw Alex showing his connections uh or his uh old college history old pictures to build connection he then showed how he got those results. He built a business and all the things he was doing and then he shows how he then took those businesses turned into a template and other people started going getting results. He probably showed that with gym launch. I'm not going to go through Alex's entire 12-h hour presentation, but I can almost guarantee you that's what he did on the stream. So, after this, look at what we've done with the person. We have a person who now trust us and we've proven we can do it. They've built a connection and now they're now saying themselves go and get the result and they now believe that it's down to a repeatable system that they can follow. Okay, this is where we actually then do the teaching. And so the teaching on these webinars, you're going to notice on these, yes, if you're doing a good job, you're going to give some people valuable information, but the teaching is what we've hooked people to go through this 15minute presentation for. All right? We've hooked them all the way here to go to this teaching. And the goal of the teaching on the webinars and the sales stream, this is not nice. But if you're doing a really effective one, it's not actually to teach. It's to make people believe what you're teaching is easy enough that they can do it. So, for example, on our webinars, the main thing we would focus on is to make the system seem easy and approachable. So, when it comes to building a Shopify store, there's a ton of advanced stuff we can talk about when it comes to it. But if you try to teach that in 20 minutes or 30 minutes on a webinar, you're going to make people really freaking confused. So, you need to dumb things down to the simplest levels possible and make it super easy. Now, when we taught this with our Shopify business, you might be thinking, "Well, that that seems manipulative." Yes, it is. When people got in, then we gave them advanced teachings and if they didn't make it work, we fully refunded them. So, I wasn't one of these people running these info businesses where you hook people in and run off with their money. We could get people and we had the best way to get them from zero to making success with the Shopify store, which was very, very, very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard to do. It's one of the reasons I don't sell courses anymore because it's so damn hard to get a normal person to actually come and apply what you're teaching and actually go get results with it. And so the refunds, if you're doing it ethically, are always going to be high doing that because a lot of people aren't going to get started with it. Okay? That's one of the reasons why I don't sell courses because I'm just done with that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't I don't want to deal with with managing people's lives and responsibility. I'd rather just give you the information for free on this channel. When your business makes money, if it does, come check out Airyros, make free money, come apply our tracking to your ads, make way more money from your ads. That's my business strategy. I don't want to teach you to build a business for money. But a lot of people use webinars to teach info. You can also use them to sell software and everything else. What you want to do in the teaching though is you show the use of your software, your service, or your information and you make it seem easy and replicatable. Okay, this is the entire webinar process right here. Look at where the person is at this time. And as you're going through this, you're always bringing up proof the entire way through. So, I'm sure whenever you saw Alex teaching, whenever he was teaching, he'd always followed up with and then look at the results that got this client or this person right here. So then what you're going to do is you're going to close. Now Alex did something kind of unique and he formed the first close as just free information given away. This builds massive goodwill. And so what Alex actually did there is one he did something really neat. But this is also the sales tactic of reciprocity because he just gave you something for free. You now want to give them something back. So for example uh a charity that used to go around airports and ask for money. What they do first is they go up to people and they give them a flower. And this drove the amount of money that people gave and the success rate of people giving the money for charity to the roof. If they didn't give the flower away first, it like dumped. Just absolutely plummeted. So what he did first before he actually started closing is he gave you something same way the flowers did. Now again, this isn't to say like Alex is a bad guy or anything like that. This is just one effective thing that people really like because building goodwill involves giving people stuff first and value first. Now at this point, he's going to go through the close. And so you saw a really traditional internet marketing close uh applied with massive goodwill and proof and brand and everything like that. If you just go and do this willy-nilly without all the trust and brand and goodwill that Alex has, it's not going to work the same exact way. It still can work very well though, okay? You again not going to make $15 million in a day, but you can go and build a very successful business if you follow this blueprint. So, when we're closing, what we're trying to do is we're going to go and make an offer and there's a certain price down here. And what we want to do before we get to the price is make the person the price in the person's head be much higher. So, if we're selling a 2K product, we want the person to believe there's 12K worth of value right here. And at the price of this any other day or any other time would probably be 12K, but for the day only, they can get it for 2K. Now, you can lie about this if you want. Not the best thing to do, but you can use scarcity in webinars to make this connection. Like, look, at any other time it's 5K. During this webinar, it's 2K. Alex made the pitch where like, if you don't get this unless you buy on the stream, like this deal, you're not going to get it again. That works even better. The more true the scarcity is, the better it's going to work. Like, I see people do these webinars, these internet marketers, and they say, "Oh, it's it's normally a $10,000 course, but today you can get it for $52, and there's no link for the $10,000 course anywhere online." Like, people see through this stuff. it it doesn't work. If you actually have a $10,000 course and you sold only for that 15 minutes, that's going to be very powerful. So, what you do in the close and what you saw Alex do in the close is you start adding value. Okay? So, we added his is you start adding scarcity with value. So, he added all of his additional past courses, all these additional procs, all these different things. And then what you want to do is start taking the price in their head. And so, you can see when he was breaking it down, he kept adding like this is worth $2,000, this is worth $5,000. So the total price of this is $25,000. You probably saw him do something like that. And so we're setting this huge anchor in the person's head that this is the value. So after we go and start adding value through different bonuses, courses, one-time things that add to the scarcity, what we're going to do is we're going to slash the price but keep the scarcity, but we're going to take it down to 12K today just for this webinar. All right? Just for this moment right here. So people are like, "Oh crap, this is all the stuff. That's the only time I'll ever be able to get it." The more true this is, the better it's going to work. Like I said, people doing this on webinars when it's not true, it still works if I'm being honest, but it's not going to work as effectively of what you saw or how you saw it work with Alex's because his was true scarcity. So then what you're going to do once you've made this disconnection is you're going to start again slashing the price more, but you're going to start adding more scarcity because hey, it's only this stream only. It's only for the next one hour. It's only for this time period, then it's closed forever. So we're adding scarcity to all this value and the price cut. And then finally, what you want to do is you want to remove objections as you close. So now that you've done all the scarcity and everything, you notice Alex sat around removing objections like, "Okay, if you're worried this isn't going to work, here's me in this exact situation. Here's 10 different people that got these results. Oh, okay, you think, you know, this might be too expensive. Well, this is he, for example, pointed out him buying the acquisition building and relating that and then showing a bunch of other people who took much bigger risk with him and made much more money." Uh, are you worried this won't work if you're 50? You show people who are in their 50s making money with it. You go through every single objection that your customers are asking and you counter them to remove that. Okay? Then what you want to do if you're if you and you want to be honest with us, this will get you in trouble is guarantee results. So at our Shopify course business, we guarantee the result if you weren't happy with it after a month that you can just get a refund. Okay? A lot of people are finicky with this. You see a lot of internet marketers out there, they go and offer guarantee, but it's only if you get to like a certain result in the course and then they just won't give you your money back. that's going to get you in trouble. Don't do it. I don't like I didn't like that business model even with that guarantee. So, at Hyros, you might notice I guarantee results at Hyros, but it's not an internet marketing thing. Like, you literally come on, you add it to your b your business. If you don't make 15% more from your ads, you just get your money back. Like, you don't you don't have to use the software. You don't have to pay for it. With air, for example, when you come on our AI agent, if it doesn't add 3 to 7% to your business, like you just don't pay for it. In fact, when you join it, like you don't even get charged anything until you see it clearly making you money. So that's how I like to sell because that's super powerful. Now with these courses and stuff when you're selling high ticket on webinars using this guarantee after objections, you removed all the reasons. There's massive scarcity. You remove any reason or doubt in their mind why they could buy. You've verified it with proof. Every single time you remove the objections every time you answer one of these questions, you verify it with proof. And then you back it up with a guarantee so there's no risk. So logically, let's look at everything we just accomplished on this call. We built massive trust and rapport. We built a connection. We swapped ourselves with the person watching the video so they see themselves going from zero to hero. We make it seem very very repeatable. We make it seem easy with our teaching. We build massive goodwill. We take them to the close which then walks them through adding value, building up the price in the person's head, slashing the price but making it time oriented through scarcity, removing all objections while adding proof and then guaranteeing it and then just sitting there and basically closing, closing, closing, closing, reminding people that like time's going to run out. This right here creates like a pimple-like popping amount of of sales because all this pressure builds up and it explodes. Now, the reason why it works so well for Alex in particular right here is because he hadn't sold anything high ticket, I think in like the last four to five years with acquisition. So, you had all this goodwill built up, all this pressure on the customers to want to buy something, and he saved it all for literally a 24-hour period that was live on the stream. who had it was like a a giant pimple that was the size of Mount Everest that he forced into squeezing with the ginest amount of pressure and true scarcity ever in a two three hour period. And that's why you saw an explosion of $15 million in sales. It took him four or five years to build this. Like I remember when Alex was originally starting acquisition like I I was friends with them back then and he was telling me about this thing and and I was like damn that's going to take a lot of work. They did a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. And so what they built there is incredible. It's the Michael Jordan of marketing, internet marketing. You should study everything they're doing. And I don't think anybody's going to be able to replicate what they've done with the brand and effectively applying internet marketing principles and fundamentals to the sales, but you can 100% go and copy the sales techniques and patterns because those are replicatable and usable. And that what I just broke down is essentially what's happening right there. Now, if you want to actually go write these webinars, you want to see the entire pitch fully explained in like a 4-hour video, there's a link appearing on the video right now that will take you to that. And you have to be subscribed or that link won't work. So, that's it's going to be in our communities tab. So, hopefully I've hooked you long enough and convinced you to watch this full video. So, that's the video. That's everything that goes into it. If you want to see every part of this broken down, it's been linked to in this video, all the courses and everything. That's all I got. Goodbye.