Title: How The .01% Get Rich Faster Than Everyone Else (Tax Free)
Video ID: eieJOF4kYaE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eieJOF4kYaE
================================================================================

So, I don't know if you heard. I'm just being humble of of course you've heard, but as you may know or not know really, I'm obnoxiously rich. And one of the reasons I'm obnoxiously rich is I move money in a very specific way that allows me to rapidly grow my net worth every single year without even needing to get paid. So, for example, just in the last year alone, I've increased my net worth by 20 $30 million at least. And that's not even factoring the money that I make for my businesses or crypto or my portfolios. And it's because I use a very tricky system for managing money that basically every single person that cleanly keeps past a 9 figureure net worth uses. Every single turbo rich person you know is doing this. They do not focus on actually making money. They focus on this. And if you understand what I'm going to show you in this video, you will be able to do the same exact thing too. Even if you are an employee, this is by far the most effective way to obtain wealth and spend wealth that there is bar none. If you do anything other than this, you're a goof troop. So pay attention. So the first thing you need to do is stop trying to make money in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ways. If you do this, eventually you run out of time because you die and then you can't make any more money. The goal is to make a lot of money and then spend it obscenely aggressively while you're still alive. Yachts, tigers, exotic woods, paying dudes pretending to be girls on Only Fans. That's how real men spend their money. And that's our goal, gentlemen. Your family, your children, this is not the channel for you. But jokes aside, we want to make money as fast as possible and then have the ability to spend it comfortably and enjoy our lives and enjoy that wealth. The way people try to make money, it doesn't work like that. Cuz what most people try and do is they try to make money from a job or make money from a business, it really doesn't matter. Then they get sent this money and if they live in America, they pay 40% tax in it, which makes things much harder. And then they also try to live off of that money at the same time. And then even if you're making, let's say, $2 million per year and then that money inflates and then it goes into the stock market, it goes up and it it's just a total disaster the way people try and make money because you don't want to make money off of income because it's very very slow. I don't care if you're LeBron James. I don't care if you're working a job at a marketing agency. I don't care if you're a business owner. It's really bad to try and get rich this way. Now, look, I make a lot of money per year in income, but that's absolutely not my focus. What I'm trying to do here is make 30, $50, $100 million per year in net worth. And I'll explain why here in a minute and how I do this because it applies down to anything. If you're trying to get to a million dollar net worth, you're trying to get to 5 million, 10 million, 100 million, same exact thing. So, look, I want you to actually stop looking at money as generating income. I mean, what you want to do with money is you want to view the best way to get rich is to obtain assets for less than they'll be worth in the future. I know that sounds simple, but there's really only one way that people get obscenely rich. It's by obtaining an asset for much less than it's worth in the future. Let me break down three examples that you see every single day. For example, an athlete, their body is an asset. It's worth nothing when they're born. They obtain 100% ownership of it. They go play in the NBA. They make $40 million per year. How do they go and get so rich here? They obtain the asset. A business, you start it from scratch. You they go and build the business from scratch. You obtain it day one. You get 100% ownership of it. You grow the business being worth $100 million. How did you make all that money? You obtained the asset when it was worth nothing. Now, the other way that people view it and the way I'm talking is they think about investing or whatever or you find inefficiencies in the market. For example, a really good example is after the 2008 crisis, people were really, really, really hating on high-risisk loans. And so while high-risisk loans were of course risky, they were being massively undervalued for the amount of risk that they had. So for example, if the loan was actually really worth $100, $200, people were selling them for $50 just because they were high-risisk loans. Yes, they were a shitty bad asset, but they were being valued way way below the ratio that their shitty badness warranted. Thus, a person that I know made an absolute killing just going and buying all these for $10 and then selling them for $100 at appropriate value like five years later. That's another example. For this example right here though, we want to focus on business and controlling the equity of businesses. And then we want to focus on growing the value of these businesses to high amounts at all cost. Why? So, the thing you need to understand about businesses, once they get to a certain size, you can borrow against them. You can also use the businesses to obtain assets which you can then borrow against. You need to understand that most people that are really really rich, they never actually make any money. What happens is they control a bunch of assets. So let's say someone obtains assets for $100 million and those appreciate over time if it's invested well or if it's a fast growing company, whatever by 5 to 8% per year. And so with this money right here, especially if it's a fast growing company, you really don't want to take money out of the company because then it's going to be taxed. And the point of this video is not taxed, by the I'm not here to tell you like how to get around taxes and whatnot. That's not the point of this video. The way you get around taxes is you move to Dubai and you stop being an American citizen. The end. There you go. There's your there's your tax le. But even so, it's very bad if you're an American citizen moving money in and out of business is because then you do pay the 40% tax or the 20% tax. Regardless, that doesn't really matter. What we want to try and do is we want to blow up this asset so that we can then borrow against it. So, let's say for example, you build a $200 million company. the dividends from this company is generating you let's say5 to10 million a year. This is great right here. Fine, whatever. But the more important thing is you can easily buy or borrow $30 million against the company and then pay the interest when it's not at 5% interest rates. Let's say we're at 2 to 3% interest rates out of the dividends it provides. And so what a lot of people are trying to do when they're building their company is they're just focused on getting this money out of the company, but then the company never grows. when in reality what you want to do is you want to grow the company valuation that then allows you to easily borrow against the company and the assets underneath it. So look what do most entrepreneurs and most people trying to make money do? So let's say you got a million dollar per year business in profit. Okay, it makes $2 million a year making $1 million a year in profit right here. So what most people are going to do is they're going to pay themselves this profit right here or they're going to try and they're they're going to try to keep the money. Maybe they'll keep it in their business and spend it some other wahoo way. I don't know. This is really stupid because what we want to eventually do is we want to be able to borrow against the value of the company. So what we can do is if we're making a $2 million per year business and 1 million in profit, the first thing you want to do is think where can I invest this money in the business that will grow the valuation the largest. So for example, let's say you have a software company and you have 10% churn. At a $2 million valuation or $2 million per year, you probably have like a company that's worth 10 million $15 million give or take. this company would be worth 30 $40 million if you got the churn down the 3%. So instead of going taking that money, you reinvested everything to get it down to 3% and instead of growing your net worth $5 million, you just grew your net worth $30 million. Do you see how that works right there? That's what someone will literally pay for the company. If you have a $2 million per year company at like 2% 3% churn, the valuation of the company is then going to skyrocket on top of you making much more money and whatnot. But then the other way you want to think about this is of course you're going to have profit coming in and sometimes you're not going to be able to have ways to invest it in the company. So let's say you got a million dollars in profit right here. What you can do is just buy a $1 million building or real estate with the company for an office based on how things climb. One, you didn't have to take money out of the company. Two, it's 100% tax deductible because you're spending it on the company. Three, this office is probably going to grow in value at 5 to 8% year if you bought it correctly. And this ultimately then goes down to the company value which you can then borrow against. And the way you want to start structuring your finances that works very very very well is you never actually want to be making any income. What you want to be doing is finding every way to stack up the valuations of your assets. Whether it's by reinvesting the money in the company or obtaining assets to appreciate in value and then holding them underneath the company. Now, there's a lot of times in business where you can buy assets that serve the business that also appreciate over time, which allows you, if you're in the United States, to basically not pay any tax on it while getting an asset that appreciates in value. So, for example, an office, land, and there's a lot of other creative things you can do to basically keep investing back in your business and buying assets for your business, but then those assets also appreciate. Now, of course, when you sell the assets and you have to pay capital gains tax and whatnot, but I'm not here to talk about the c the tax code. What you need to start focusing on is the way I try to structure my income and I don't borrow anywhere near amount of this money. But let's say I got a $50 million stock portfolio or when I take money out or anything, I want to have my assets. Now, if you take the money out and use it to buy a house, you use it to buy something, use it to pay for something, the money is not deployed functionally well. So, for example, you can keep this money in the stock market and make about 5 to 8% per year. Or you can go and take out, let's say, $3 million from the 50 million to buy a home that makes you nothing. Or what you can do when rates are much lower is you can borrow the $3 million while leaving it inside your portfolio. That increases at 5 to 8% or more per year. And then you pay from that 5 to 8% the 2% interest rates or whatever the interest rates will be on that money. The rates are very high right now, so you can't do this as easily as you used to be able to do it in the past, but rates will be low again. And so what I'm trying to encourage you to do in this video is the way you need to view everything, everything you do is you need to look at the total value of your net worth and the appreciation of that network for your stocks via your company. The two best ways to grow your wealth is one, if you make money from your businesses, try to keep it in the businesses and acquire assets that increase in value. So for example, your business makes $3 million. You could buy a $3 million office building that appreciates in value. Then borrow against the value of that building to pay for things with set prices like your home, your car. I wouldn't suggest building your lifestyle or day-to-day expenses off of borrowing. You want to buy things that are also assets that are not going to lose value, which most people's big purchases are going to be their car, home, stuff like that. You see a lot of people, for example, go and use their business and they purchase a private jet and then they rent the private jet out. So they have an asset that they didn't pay tax on while they own the private jet while the private jet flies around and makes them money off the asset. So this is how you have to start really viewing your money. And then if you do pay yourself out, what you never ever ever want to do is spend your money on lifestyle or anything like that until that money is working like this. So let's say you want to have a 50,000 per month lifestyle, right? Requires you 50k a month. This is going to require you about 600k a year. So, what you're going to need probably at this point is a $10 million portfolio generating you $500,000 to $800,000 per year in the stock market via lending, whatever you want to do from that, then you can spend out of this. Your lifestyle money should never ever surpass 5% of the money, the liquid money you actually have on hand. Never, ever, ever. And so, your goal forever and ever should be two things. If you take money out of your business or you keep any money, it's to invest it in assets that generate returns. But more importantly, your goal as a business owner or an employee is to try and build equity in the value of that equity. Now, you're not as able to do this if you're an employee unless you get large stakes in a company, which you can as an employee. I have employees at my companies that are at this point close to being eight figure millionaires because the equity they originally got in Hyros day one. But most importantly, if you're the owner of a business, which most of you guys are, you don't want to be taking money out of the business and doing that. You want to think, all right, cool. We have a business that's worth $5 million, $1 million. How do we get this business to 10 million, $50 million? Then when it's worth $50 million, you can easily borrow $10 million for whatever you're doing. Keep that money. Keep the ownership of the company. You don't want to sell 10% of the company. You keep that money right there. And then you pay off the interest on this, which would be 2 to 5%. Much lower if the rates are low with the income that you make from the company. This is really koi when you go to buying a house or something like that because then you can go, let's say you buy a $10 million house. The house also starts appreciating because you own it now. You didn't have to pay any taxes. You didn't take anything out of the company. You didn't have to sell any of your ownership of the company. And the house is appreciating more than the money that you're using to pay for the house. And so your ultimate goal when you're first starting your business is again grow the value of the asset. I am not saying you grow a $50 million business and you take out a $25 million loan. You got a you should really keep the amount you borrow off your business, which I borrow nothing off my businesses right now. I borrow against like my portfolios and whatnot. But I easily could if I wanted to borrow against my businesses. I just don't do that. But this is a much better way in the future when I grow my business to 400 million, $500 million valuation. If I want to buy a jet or I want to invest the money, these are the paths that I'm going to be using to buy things like that. If I'm making $20 million a year from the business, I'm not going to go and give myself $20 million. I'm going to buy a $20 million office building or asset that then appreciates in value more. I just gave you a whole bunch of different ways to start viewing money. But the thing you need to take from this video that I just broke out is that we're constantly building this giant blob of money and we never want to take money out of that blob. We can borrow against a blob. We can find ways where the blob drips money out through dividends and whatnot to cover interest rates of money that we borrow. while never actually selling anything in the blob because the blob is going to grow at about 5 to 8% a year on average. If you have a business, the thing we want to do is just grow the blob so big we can easily move irrelevant amounts of money out of it by borrowing and then move the money back. So, for example, if you have a $100 million business, you borrow $10 million against it for a house. You then hold the house for a couple years. The house turns into being worth $12 million. You sell the house for a profit. You put that money back into the loan from the company or the amount you borrowed based on the company. You can then pocket the profit rolled into other real estate or and the most basic way is you kept the money actively in your company without selling any ownership of your company while still being able to get the house at the same exact time. This is just such smarter ways to move money around and build income. Because if you're going out there and you're just spending all the money you make, that bubble, that thing you're going to be able to borrow against is going to be finite. It's never going to grow. It's never going to make you more money. It's never going to grow to a higher valuation. You're just going to get stuck. This is what most entrepreneurs do when they pay themselves. This is why so many athletes get in trouble is because the money that they have coming from their asset is finite and they run out of money from that asset. You never want to touch the asset. All in all, I know this wasn't the funniest video because I kind of got into all the nitty-gritty of how money works and how the ways you should look at money. And I think a lot of things I just said there was wrong and they're not as specific as they need to be, but I just wanted to teach you a little little tiny lesson about how rich people view money differently than normal people. So, you should use it. Okay. Bye.