Title: I Explain Weird FB AD Niches That Made Me $32k A Day
Video ID: UCi5JRO7dDI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCi5JRO7dDI
================================================================================

So making this adjustment in your ads and your landing pages and also your product, it will double or triple your conversions, it can in fact redefine your entire business. And if your business is struggling to scale with ads right now or you're having trouble growing on ads, this will make the ads extremely easy. You will see your ads that are not converting before, not getting customers suddenly getting five times the conversion rates, but six times 10 times the conversion rates in some instances. That's only instances where your ads absolutely suck ass. But still, let's take the win. This will do that because every single day at Hyris, I talk to a lot of our customers who are running ads and a lot of them have trouble scaling past certain importance because all of their competitors are selling the same exact thing and so they're running ads with like 50 other businesses selling the same exact thing. They can only do so much with their ad scripts. They can only do so much with their copy and it's just not scaling anymore because the ads get too expensive. You've probably had this problem with your ads. What I'm going to give you right now is a way to isolate and pivot your business to make your ads convert much much higher at much lower ad spends. If I have to start any business from scratch, this is how I'm going to start running ads because it's just so damn effective and you can actually go and run very tiny ad spends and get massive ROIs doing it. Let me explain how this works. So, look, I'm the CEO and founder of one of the largest ad tracking companies in the world right now, Hyros. I see it's working across billions of dollars ad spend. And I've spent the last 10 years of my life running ads, tens of millions of dollars spent that generate multiple 8 figureure businesses and one nine figure business. So what I'm telling you here isn't coming straight out of my nether region being thrown out of the wall. This is coming from a very well-educated Nether region. So you should try to catch it when I chuck it. Okay? Don't visualize that. But you get the point. And whenever I see businesses running ads or I'm going to start a new business, this technique and how they structure it, they always just perform 10 times better. This is why when you're running advertising, you want to run advertising in a vacuum. This means you want to have the most unique ad possible. Now, most people think that applies just to your creative or your ad copy, but I'm going to be straight with you. There's only so much you can do with your targeting and your ad copy and your creative. Eventually, you know the best techniques and you're getting the you're getting close enough. All right? Improving your ads another 20% is not going to grow your business. What will grow your business is if you're running ads to an audience that is underserved, doesn't see these ads very often. You're selling them a product that they've that's completely unique and specific to them that nobody else is. And you have the absolute best best best best possible offer that is optimized just for them. What does that mean? Let me give you a perfect example of this in in theory. So, back in the day, I'm going to use Alex Emozi as example right here cuz I love what he originally did with this and it's a perfect example for this. It's it's brilliant. So, you may not know that um before Alex did all the acquisition.com stuff, he had this business called Gym Launch. So, back in the day when he was launching Gym Launch, they basically sell consulting and services and advice and info products and whatever for gym businesses, masterminds, basically very typical uh business growth consulting offer. So at that time back in the day, everybody else was running very very similar offers, but they were all running offers for teaching people how to learn consulting, doing consulting or agency services for businesses or e-commerce, make money online. And so everybody in the entire space was all focused around either making big broad make money products, mindset products or or products for e-commerce or agencies or consulting. And so it was very hard to actually run ads for this. I had a business that was generating like 20 $30 million per year give or take depending on the year it did that based on whatever years but it was only at like a 30% profit margin and I was the best of the best of the best of the best at it and I was even struggling to grow the ads and scaled them. So Alex what he did is he created very similar offers but then he took it to a completely different industry that would never seen ads for this ever. So he was running ads for gym businesses. Gym businesses were not getting any advertising for offers like this. Zero. No one was spending any money targeting them on Facebook or anything like that. Alex also built the entire business around this offer. So he was the only one offering this offer and he was really really really effing good at it. So everyone in the gym business knew that he was the one to get results. So he had this entire market which can generate 4050 $100 million a year all to himself. Now the gym consulting business is not like a multi-billion dollar market cap market. It's not that large. But because nobody was marketing to it, nobody was making products for it, Alex was able to take a product that a lot of other people were selling, just the basic uh high ticket course, high ticket program, consulting, and in mastermind model, and he applied it to gyms. And I think the business did like, I don't know, $40, $50 million a year, like 17 $18 million in profit, uh, one of their first years doing this. Boom, breakthrough. So, what's the lesson we can take away from this? When we're running ads in our business, we don't have to necessarily change our business model. But we do do do have to go and actually find businesses and a method and a way of approaching businesses that matches that model, which is finding potential customers that are completely underserved, not targeted on on ads at all. Making a product that no one else is offering is completely unique and then making it the absolute best amazing thing in the space. Then you can carve out your own little niche to start your business and grow. So let me give you a story about a business I launched that failed and how I could have done it better applying this technique. So before I launched Hyros, I launched an email uh business. It was an email kind of similar to Mailchimp or whatever autoresponder because I was very into email marketing. Now I tried to target all small business types with this and it failed. And the reason why is because I was again targeting a big broad niche. Around this time Clavio popped up. It would it started like about a year before us and they did one thing that was different. They only made email marketing for Shopify stores and e-commerce businesses. I believe it was just Shopify back then. By doing this, their results compared to ours absolutely exploded. Why? Because no one was marketing specific email services to e-commerce stores. And then the problem with all of it is we were trying to market to everybody. So, we weren't optimized or perfect for anybody. Clavio was marketing just to e-commerce people who weren't receiving ads for email software. So, their ads hit because they were the only one uniquely selling us. There weren't five different softwares for e-commerce launching at the time and they were the absolute best and the best and the best at it. So as they grew just a little bit, they became known as the e-commerce software for email or the email software for e-commerce. This allowed them to dominate and I believe the company is worth like 7 billion now. My company that I launched then is worth zero because I'm an idiot and didn't realize this technique that they were doing then. So those are two stories about positioning right here. So how can you do this in your business? Look at your business model. If you're launching a software, you're launching a skincare product, you're launching a gym product, you're launching a info product, where can you find audiences that are not being marketed to that this business model will work for? Then, how can you make an absolute unique product where if you're running an ad, there is no one else running a a product just like yours? Finally, how can you be the absolute best in the space so that when you get a foothold, even if people make competing products, it doesn't matter anymore. So, let's go to my computer right now and do some brainstorming. And this is exactly how I would launch a new business or product with ads and absolutely clean house. Now, first before we get going, I have to give you one ad tip that is paramount. It beats all of this right here. If you just apply this one thing, you're instantly going to see more money from your ads. You should um track your ads. I know I say this every single video like five times. But if you track your ads with Hyros, you are going to see much more money. I literally guaranteed or you do not have to pay for hires. Here's how. If you look at our Facebook ad tracking right here, we tracked 195 calls from this ad set in this time period from our Facebook ads, Facebook caught 88. If I was running my ads based on the data from Facebook, I would be turning off ads that are printing money for me. I would be turning up ads that are not making me money. I would be losing money hand over foot for making the wrong decisions. If you are not tracking your ads with something like this, Hyros is the best and it's the only one that sits in your ad manager like this, you are making terrible decisions with your ads and losing money for no reason. So, you should come check out Hyros when this video is done. Put it on your site. If it doesn't get you results, you don't see an increase in revenue like all the businesses are on page. You can see Tony Robbins, Alexi uses this. Playboy, Bodybuilding.com, 5,000 plus other businesses. If you don't see results like they do, you don't have to pay for it, literally. So, come check it out. The video is done. So, let me show you this method applied to one of my businesses. So, back in the day, if you don't know, I used to be one of those make money online guys. I'd sell courses on how to make money online. Now, I was also running software businesses and all sorts of other stuff, but people really wanted to figure out what I was doing in my businesses. At this point in time, I make so much money, just being transparent with you, it's not worth my time to teach anymore. But back then, making a couple extra $100,000 per month or even millions of dollars per month from teaching was very beneficial for signing my software company. So, I taught a lot of what I knew for money. Now, I just give it away for free, which is what you're getting in these videos. But back then, I would sell courses based around advertising, consulting, uh building agencies, and uh selling info and courses because that's what I was really good at. But everybody else in the niche was selling products like this. It was it was extremely jam-packed. And so what I saw is look, everybody knows about e-commerce and Shopify and drop shipping right now, but back in the day, back in the old wild west of internet marketing, that was a really new thing. And so when I saw that happening, no one was running ads or building courses or making webinars particularly for that. So what I did is, you're probably thinking in this video right now, how do I change to a completely different niche or how do I pivot my business model to another niche? Here's what I did. I found two people who were experts in e-commerce and were getting really, really good results and then basically told them to make a course and I told them exactly what to put in the course, how to train people, etc. And so I took all my knowledge from this business model up here and I imported it to them. I made them partners at the business for a smaller percent. I believe I had 70% of the business than they got 30%. And I said, "Okay, this is going to work way better because there's no one running an offer like this. It's extremely unique right now. It wouldn't be in today's age, e-commerce, Shopify, teaching products are nothing new. And then we're going to run ads to this. And so I stopped running ads in the competitive market space with a product that was like everybody else's. And I made this. Instantly, the product went to well over 1 mil a month in sales. We had many days we're breaking $100,000 a day. Easy peasy. And so this turned it into a near $20 million per year business overnight. And all I did, I didn't change my advertising tactics. I didn't change my business model. I really didn't change any of my funnels or my copyrights or scripts. I just pivoted and marketed to a audience that was being underserved with a unique product that was best in its class because we had the best e-commerce or result guys teaching it inside the product. That's how simple that was. That one change right there made me more money on an info product than I've ever made in info products before. So, how do we do this in your business? Okay, so you got to look at your business model. I'm not saying if you're selling info products or whatever, it only applies to that. This applies to everything. Whether you are selling e-commerce products, whether you are selling info, whether you're selling software, you need to look at your niche and you need to really ask yourself, am I selling anything unique in my niche? Do I have a unique sales proposition? You got to be super honest with yourself. Are there 50 other competitors selling something that's pretty much the same thing as yours? If people take their products versus your products, they get pretty much the same results, then you don't have a wide openen category to go and dominate. So you need to look at inside your niche. Are there subniches or part particular types of people that you could market to? Could you, for example, I'm just going to give you general ideas. Could you take your SAS software and make it specialized for doctor's offices or construction companies or hotels? Could you take your info product and could you make it and warp it into a business model that is completely underserved right now? Could you go and find other people to teach your info product or train in your info product to teach and hit an entirely underserved category with an info product that's never been done before? If you're doing an e-commerce product, are there people inside that industry that are being underserved for a particular uh reason? For example, one thing I saw was really good with skincare recently is I saw this isn't anything new now, but originally people started going and marketing the men who were 40 plus years old because there's a whole bunch of men going through a midlife crisis now on YouTube. All us millennials are turning 40 and so we're suddenly having to deal with this aging thing. So they made skincare products like a complete line of products for men who were 40 plus years old. I'm pretty sure that absolutely killed it because they were the only people making something like this. But you can make specific type of products for people with certain skin con skin tones, hair colors, whatever. Find specific types of people that are being underserved and make a product just for that. When you're also starting a business, say this is the entire niche of let's say uh B2B software and let's say we niche it down to like email marketing. What can you do to find one little small subsection of this niche and be the absolute best product in a niche for those people? Because one of the best ways to blow up your business early on is you don't try and go and compete with everybody else. What you want to do is you want to find this subset where it's very easy to dominate. So for example, if you made an email marketing software only for doctor's offices and every single feature in there was targeted to doctor's offices, you would easily beat out pretty much every single other mail software on the market within like 6 months. Is this niche big enough to make you hundreds of millions of dollars a year? No, probably not. But it's definitely enough to make you like five, six, $10 million a year. Easy peasy. And so that's how you go and do this because then you could literally go and buy ad space to doctors that other people are not using. You could find ad space and target them in different ways that's completely unique. And then from all the advertising, they're saying you're probably offering them with something that's very unique and it's the best product in the space and has unique selling proposition. So, this technique right here is literally, I think, one of the most powerful techniques you can use in all of marketing because it allows you to basically hack the system of competition and having to beat everybody and having to have the best ads and allows you to just go in and run ads very, very cheaply that convert super highly and have the entire intention of a small pond, but still have the entire intention of the small pond. And you have to understand whether it's a big pond or not, if it's a big pond, a lot of times the amount of money it costs to reach that pond is very expensive. But you can have a small pond all yourself, but the cost to reach it is onetenth the price um per customer than it is if you're in that big pond. So for example, if you were going after every single person in B2B email marketing, you'd be paying $100 per customer to reach them and you'd have very low conversion rates. If you were paying for specifically an email marketing software for just doctors, you could probably get those leads in cheaper and the conversion rates will be much much much higher because you have a unique product that is the best in the space for them and you're able to reach them with something they've never seen before. This absolutely shits money is one of the most powerful methods there is. When I launched Hyros, what we did in particular is we made tracking for info marketers and digital course businesses. And that's what we really focus on first and we focus on calls and and running particular types of advertising that showed influencers in that space going and making a lot of money using our tracking. And so that's what we optimize for it first. Now we kind of work for everybody because once you go and get into those spaces where you take over the small little niche, then you can use as a foothold to get into the big niches. So this is just a big overall lesson I think is one of the most powerful lessons that people do not understand in marketing. If you want to see the ad scripts, the ad templates, the targeting, my how I test Facebook ads, it's all going to be posted around this video. And there's also links below this video that have all the other trainings in them. It's all free. It's all here on YouTube. I don't have any courses or anything to sell you. Go watch those. It's everything I do. And uh I'll see you next video. Take it easy.