Title: I Made A 3 Page Site That Makes $100k/Day
Video ID: vtb4qlnFaSM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtb4qlnFaSM
================================================================================

No. Bad viewer. Bad. Bad. Come here. I know what you're thinking. I know you're being skeptical of the title of this video thinking there's no way this guy has a three-page website that's gener $100,000 per day. And that would be reasonable to think if you are on any other channel. But if you're not new here, you know that I bring the red hot sauce. And that's exactly the type of Caliiente peppered pizza I'm about to deliver to you today. I'm going to be showing you straight up, no holds barred. I actually underplayed it. how a simple little website is making me over $100,000 per day. In fact, if you combine all my websites together and all my software companies together, $100,000 a day is actually kind of a bad day. I actually downplayed the clickbait title. And in this video, I'm about to break all YouTube norms. I know when you go to a lot of YouTube channels, someone's talking about making money, how you can be successful in business, and you have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue what they do. They never actually show you their businesses. That's because their business is selling you information on how to build a business. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. We don't do that here. In this video, I'm going to show you point blank how I actually make money day in and day out. You're going to see my entire business, everything that goes into it, how I get customers in, what I sell them, how I sell them, everything. And even cooler, because this business actually makes me money, I'm not going to sell you anything. So, put your wallet away. I don't want your money for courses or a mastermind cuz then I have to I have to deal with you. Ew. Frankly, it's just way more attractive to me to keep building what I'm going to show you right here. And the reason why I'm making these videos, I answer the last bit of skepticism you have. I hope that this video helps you go take your business, make a lot of money, and then when you're making a lot of money, you plug Hyro, my software company, into it, you're going to make more money from your business. But until you're making money from your business, I have I have nothing to do with you right now. So, let's dive in. Let me show you what's going on here. So, first things first, let me show you what I'm going to be breaking down here today. And I have one confession. I tricked the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of you. I'm threw you through an alleyoop. I click baited you just a tiny bit. This website is actually more than three pages, but if we break down everything I'm going be showing you here, it's not many more than that. And you can apply the same business model, the same tactic regardless of what website or business that you're doing. Okay? It applies to everything. So, what I'm going to be showing today is I run advertising to create awareness for my software company, which is Hyros, which we'll we'll talk all about here in a second. Now, I'm not here to pitch Hyros at all in this video. Please don't feel pressured to buy it. In fact, if your business isn't making over like $100,000 a month and you don't spend 20 $30,000 a month on ads, at least you have no business even considering hiring. It's it's not for you. Just just put your dick away. It's okay. You don't have to worry about me coming for that thing anytime soon in this video. I don't want it. We are not in the same attractiveness level. So, we're going to focus on how I create awareness with ads. And I send people to my website. Duh. But there's a very specific page on my website's a very specific thing that I send people to. Then I get people to go through a specific funnel, which I'm going to talk about here in a second. And then I have them close to annual or monthly subscriptions to this business. And I repeat this to kingdom come. I just blast the hell out of this thing right here. Put this through. And this easily easily generates usually over $100,000 per day. And if you combine all my companies together and things doing similar kind of schemes to this, it's it's well over that. And I know what you're thinking. Why would you possibly need that much money, Alex? What is the point in having that much cash coming in? It's very, very obvious. I have to correct something that's happened in the past that almost destroyed the Earth. And I need to correct the biggest wrong that's happened in humanity since probably World War II, which was Disney buying Star Wars. I have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] correct this. And the only way I can do this, nobody else is trying, is I can become a multi-billionaire so I can buy this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back and be like, "No, Han Solo did not get killed by his son. No, Luke Skywalker does not drink tit. No, we do not care about wokeness or political correctness. We care about laser battles and Darth Vader doing cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which you guys have not accomplished in the decades since you bought it. It really angers me and so this is really my character arc right here. Other than that, I don't have any use for this money other than posing next to a Lamborghini in my garage. But that being said, let's get into what we're actually doing here. So, first things first, people are going to view one of these ads right here. Now, look, I don't want to go through this entire ad, the sales copy, everything inside the ad because guess what? I provided all of that for you on this channel in this special mastermind course that I'm just kidding. There's just a YouTube link to it that breaks down my entire ad scripts, all my YouTube ad scripts, all my Facebook ad scripts. They're all literally right below this video. And so instead of walking you through this ad and everything that's going through right here, I'm just going to sum it up very quickly. At my business, Hyros, the really cool thing about it is when business plug it into their ads, they simply make more. So, the way I actually advertise my business, and I think the most effective way to advertise any business, the best ad copy, the best thing you'd ever see on a YouTube channel, is just showing an abundance of results from tons of customers like the person you're trying to bring in. So, in this video right here, I show testimonials from all the really big brands using us. I show all the famous celebrities using Hyros. I show the hundreds and hundreds of normal people using House. And I show endless endless testimonials of people just talking us up and talking about how great we are on Twitter. This right here by far is the best performing ad type that I've ever had because this is what people really care about, especially when it comes to B2B. Now, there are little cool little tricks you can do in e-commerce, like disguising your stuff, like, you know, Squatty Potty, for example. You can make a unicorn take a fantastic rainbow [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get attention doing that. A lot of people try to make ads like that as the crux of their business. You will occasionally get ads like that, and this is just general ad rant right now for people that want to understand everything that I'm doing right here. But with those type of ads and crazy complex ads, they don't consistently hit. So, you can't bet on them consistently to grow businesses. It's very hit and miss. I prefer making a really great product, getting people to use the product, recording their testimonials, then getting really famous people to use the product based on those testimonials, and then recording their testimonials, and then advertising the ever living hell out of that. And what I want to do with these ads, primarily in my business, just the final ad tip I'll give you, is when you're doing B2B business and stuff, people aren't going to click these ads right away and buy. What they're going to do is they're going to consider your company against a bunch of other competitor companies or their awareness of what's happening. So, when people are thinking about, hey, I can't track my Facebook ads correctly. I want them when they're thinking about that over the next few weeks, they see this ad, it kind of spurs the idea in their head. Over the next few weeks, they're going to go and browse a bunch of tracking companies. I want our company to be top of their head when they're doing that. That's why I hit people over the head with these results all over YouTube, Facebook, Tik Tok. So, this is step one. Now, people will then get linked from this ad to our website, Hyros. Now, based on this ad right here, I'm going to show you something that's super duper effective. So, they can go to our website and they can actually land on the initial tracking pages to talk about tracking and all the things that our software does and all that kind of stuff. I'm sure you've been to a software website, but what I like to do is I like to send people directly to a page that just absolutely smothers and bukkies them in results. So, what I do is they come to this page after hearing about how cool and the results we get. And then they're going to go and skim past the endless results. And this page is intentionally obnoxiously long to create the impression that we have an absolute ridiculous amount of results, which we do. We've been around for a while. We've gained a lot of results uh and cool stuff. So, what I'm doing right here is I'm going to give you a few little tips and things that really push us over the the borderline. Now, again, below this video, my copywriting techniques and how I build my sites, again, right underneath the ad techniques. Everything I'm going to talk about here, the step that you're most interested in, there's a training on this channel for it because I used to make really tight business videos. Nobody watched those because nobody wants realistic tactics. They just want ways that I wave my dick around the internet and magically generate money from my ceiling. But whatever, it's fine. If you guys want the purple crown version of educational content, I'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. That said, here's tip number one. I love sending people just to endless amounts of results because the first thing and the thing that's going to make people buy something is people believing that it will work. I know that sounds crazy, but a lot of people don't consider it. They send people straight to a page where is like the price of something. And really, when it comes to any product, an e-commerce product, a skincare product, a weightlifting product, a course, a software, anything, the most important thing is people believing it will work. That's the number one thing I want to knock out right away. If they believe it will work, truly truly work, like it's impossible it won't work, then most of the battle's done, then I can actually start selling them and selling on the product. So the big question after is, will it work for me? That's where they're going to get deeper in the website. So that being said, what I'm trying to do right here as well is get them to go and book a demo. Now, one thing I use to get people to book a demo as well, a little bonus thing, is that we guarantee it works. I don't know where your business or product is, but one of the most powerful things I find to get people to buy something is making something so good that you can basically guarantee it's going to work. And you're I'm going to tell you straight up, if you have a business where you can't guarantee results with any level of guaranteedness or consistency, you're going to have a hard time growing. Like if you have a skincare product and it doesn't actually clear up people's blackheads or actually work like most skincare products, they just don't work or they're just overpriced nonsense. What happens is the second someone becomes financially pinched or just doesn't want to like log onto your site because they're lazy, they stop using it. You have to have something that gets people addictive and makes them get results. I know this sounds crazy, but most people don't think about this or focus on this product to the point that they have to come back and keep paying for it. I know if someone comes on and joins high and they put on their ads, they're going to make more money and it's just going to be a no-brainer to keep it going. And so what what I like to do is I show people these result results and then I guarantee the results because I can't keep the money if people that don't get results. Like yes, even if I did and had some crazy refund loopy guarantee like a lot of internet marketers do, what would happen if I did that is eventually people would trash my business online. And then two, people would cancel their subscription. I wouldn't have a long-term business. The key of my business is that the businesses keep paying forever and churn or cancel at a very low rate. And then that subscription billing stacks and stacks on stacks on top of itself. So we didn't get to just 100K a day through ads instantly. What we did is we slowly built up those subscriptions on top of themselves. And so you add $1,000 a day or let's say uh yeah 30,000 a month in subscriptions and people don't cancel. Every single year your income stacks up. That's my favorite business model to use. So then what I'm going to do on these pages, I'm going to push them to a phone call. Okay. Now a lot of times what I also like to do on my websites is I like to think if I can bring this down right here so we can view it is I like to also think about every angle that people are going to be coming through. So you can see when people dig around my website they start looking for and I mean like our website right here. I really consider hires a team effort. It's not just me. Okay. I just know you're watching this channel. So you're thinking it's Alex Becker's business. It's it's all our business. We're all working on this together. That said when I come through here I know that people are going to have specific questions like will it work for me if I'm in e-commerce? will work for me if I'm in SAS. So, for example, I have an entire page breaking down all the specific things and showing companies, large SAS companies, large celebrities and stuff and whatnot and small SAS companies and all the specific features and testimonials that apply just to them. It's very, very important to make sure that if you have different types of customers coming in, you give them different paths because they're going to think once you prove it works, will it work for me? So, finally, what's going to happen right here is they're going to click apply. Now, I don't suggest always doing a callunnel for your businesses. The reason why I do a callunnel for Hyros particularly, and this is so you don't go and copy me and think, well, Alex Becker does it, so everyone should. There's two reasons. The first reason we still do a callunnel at Hyros is because the technical setup of Hyros is pretty complicated and it's one actually one of the biggest problems in the tracking business. You need a little bit of technical knowhow to set up tracking on your business. So, we need to make sure the people get on the phone and are committed to doing that and uh also so they can fit into the business. And then we also charge an upfront payment so that we can get people more invested in it and we can provide the customer support team to back them while they're doing this. It's very intensive at first. So, all in all, when we do this, we actually charge less than most tracking companies do out there, but this is something that we use to make it so that we can almost guarantee that people get results because if they don't set up, they're not going to get results and then they're going to churn. The reason why we do the calls is to make sure they don't churn. That's the reason why we still do them. I'd love to just do a free trial where people just sign up. That's not something you can do in tracking right now. So, the other reason I use this and initially use it early on at Hyros is because when you're running a business, the easiest way to make your ads profitable is to do a callunnel. Why is this? So, when you're doing a callunnel, what's going to be happening with that is you can get the maximum amount out of the customer on the phone up front. Now, what does that mean? Does that mean we didn't extort them and get a ton of money out of them and get them to pay the most upfront? Yes, it it actually does. It depends how you use it. But so, for example, the reason why a lot of course sellers do this is because one that reason. But why does it work so well? If we can look past the the good or bad of of getting as much money out of people as possible. The reason it works for well so well is you can actually listen to someone and design and pitch your proc in the perfect way to them. If they come to your website or they're skimming through or they watch a sales video, what's going to happen is it's not going to be customtailored to them and you're not going to be able to counter their specific objections. When you get them on the phone and you're selling them your product and they're talking to you directly, you can ask them about their business. Ask them what's going on with them and then you can formulate your pitch around what they're doing. So, for example, if an e-commerce business is doing $100,000 per year and they're having trouble seeing their specific Facebook ads, specifically subscriptions, you can say, "Well, look, here's five other 100K a month e-commerce businesses. Here's exactly how this will plug into your subscriptions right here. And for example, if we go look at this ad that you have right here, this ad right here, you're obviously losing money between these two. So, if you plug Hyus in right here, you're going to make that extra 20 30,000 a month from your business just by tracking this correctly based on these ads, looking at the results in your ad manager. Plus, we'll guarantee that that pitch right there is about a thousand times, billion times more effective than someone skimming through my site and seeing the features apply to them. Same exact thing applies to courses. Same thing applies to anything. Now, when you first start a business and you run ads, profit margins really, really, really matter. So, if I'm running an ad on Hyros and I'm doing a free trial and I send people in there, it's going to take us a long time to make our money back on the ad because people don't pay all upfront. If I get people on a phone call and we pitch it effectively enough, we can get people to pay a year upfront. When we get all that money in up front, that covers the ad cost and makes the ad profitable because we're making the max amount per customer and they're paying the year upfront. And so, it allows us to scale our ads and take that money and rotate it back into it. and also have the profit margins to pay customers and invest in the software and grow it faster. A lot of SAS businesses and a lot of businesses die because they're not able to make money or profit fast enough and they can't reinvest in the business. That's why I run call funnels upfront for most businesses when I'm doing it. Also, you get to work with the customers and get to know them one-on-one, which when you first start your first business or you start growing your business, it's extremely important to getting those testimonials. For example, I did all the sales calls and worked with most people on like the first 50 accounts at Hyros. That right there is why we have so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] testimonials immediately and we were able to skyrocket because I got a testimonial from every single one of those people. Advertise the hell out of it. That's the strategy and that's why you want to do it. And so then what's going to happen is we're going to get someone on a phone call. They're going to go through the pitch which is also provided below this video. I literally walked through our entire sales pitch. Everything that's going through there, you can go through there below. It's all linked video breaking down everything and do. And that's how I go and build this business. I broke down every step of the business to you. the ads, the initial landing pages, my thoughts on the landing pages, the funnel that we're using, and if you want to see the pitch and all the tactics that go into the pitch and actually selling the product, that's right below the video. And so, one of the reasons why I wanted to show you this, and I really kind of peppered down the the entertainment value initially, is because I want you to see that businesses that make a lot a lot of money, they're not really that crazy. I'm not doing anything or reinventing the wheel at all. If you can see my ads, they're not that creative. I I know you've seen some really creative ads out there and you've seen some creative companies. You think maybe you have to go make something super special. My ads are literally me skimming Twitter sometimes. That's what works best. I've tried the creative ads. We have high quality ones. We have film teams coming in and we do that and I do run those ads from time to time. But the ads that work every single time. It's just me reading our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] testimonials on Twitter. Lesson one. Next lesson. You can see how I have a very different website than other SAS companies. It's really a small website and it micro focuses on exactly what the person's looking for. primarily convincing them that it does work and then taking them down a route afterwards that shows them it will work for them. Next, we go and put them in a call funnel, which is nothing unique. Every single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on planet Earth runs these. It's you can see they're diamond dozen. And what we do is we get people on that call. And you can see the reason why we do that is one because of the things I talked about and also the setup for high-risisk. But if you're starting a business, those profit margins and everything I talked about, that's what works best when you're starting a business. On top of that, it leads to us being able to get the customer commit and churn less, which is essential if you're building a subscription business, which is my favorite business to build. So, finally, now you understand and you see everything I've done there. There's absolutely nothing I did there that's unique or creative or marketing genius. It is it is actually almost cookie cutter basic fundamentals. It is the foundation of marketing and just getting people in. And I want you to again see one of the big focuses I have right there is guaranteeing the results and getting results for customers and making sure they don't leave. All of this is business basic fundamentals put into a software company. That's it. And I want to stress to you why I showed you this. You think 100k a day business or 200k 500k b day business has to look crazy. And if you look actually at the back end and how we actually deliver our customer support and how we work with customers and manage the company, that's a little crazy. But the marketing and the money-making part of it, it's not that hard to understand. It's not that crazy. So, that being said, go check out all the videos below this video about the part that you're most interested in. The ads, the sales videos, the copywriting, the sales calls, even are all right there. That's it. I told you I'd show you. There you go.