Title: I Made $200 Million Abusing This 1 Rule (Kinda Regret It)
Video ID: 7VzKIJbLOfk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VzKIJbLOfk
================================================================================

So, at the time of shooting this video, at least according to this article, my net worth is $170 million plus. Now, I think if you toll up my software companies and my portfolios, it's quite a bit higher than that. But that's not the point. This will serve the purpose of this video. And I'm not here to brag. As you can tell, I'm extremely humble. I've won most humble business advice guy on YouTube for 6 years straight. Not about to break that streak. So, we'll just use that number because, frankly, this video is about you and you getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich, which let's be straight. That's the goal here. You don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about me. So, let's focus on you. And what I want to give you is the number one lesson, the number one piece of advice I can give you in 10 minutes that will help you do just that consistently. And in fact, I wish id learned this a lot sooner and viewed it this way cuz I would have stopped [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up so much. See, the good news for you is I'm an absolute goddamn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm 37 years old. In the 15 years I've been in business, I have made this one little mistake. And if I just fix this one little thing, just focus on this one golden rule, I would have grown so much faster. In fact, I'd probably be a billionaire by now. Like I said, I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. I'm really dumb and it took me forever to learn this rule. So, if you can just take this one rule right now, no matter where you are, you are going to grow much faster than I did. And you're going to see everything you want coming a lot faster because this is the golden rule for everything. I wish I'd learned it sooner. I'm just going to give it to you now. And you should listen cuz this is probably going to cut like 5 years off your time to actually learn how to make a lot of money. And number one, I've actually done this. I'm not some business advice guy who's just on here teaching business advice because his business is business advice. And I also have no course to sell you or some law of attraction workbook that change your life now. I'm just a dude in his garage trying to help other dudes in their garages not be as stupid as me. So please listen up. Here is exactly how you get rich. Here's exactly how you make a lot of money. It's the same exact way as every other skill set out there. Let me explain. So here's the thing about money. It's deeply attached to people's egos and emotions. And because of this, they disconnect it from every other skill set out there. For example, if I taught you or wanted you to learn how to play guitar, how you get better at guitar is pretty damn simple. You pick up a guitar, you play it, as you improve, you increase the difficulty. But there's a lot of weird things that come with making money that make people not work in this way. What are these? The first is it's deeply connected to your view of yourself and your ego and how others view you, or at least how you think others view yourself, which is much more important to you than what they actually think. Nobody actually gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what other people think of them. They give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what they think other people think of them because that's how they view themselves. So if you think other people view you as a failure, then you view yourself as a failure. Most people don't think about you at all or care about anything going on in your life. So you really shouldn't care about what they think. That's a whole other video for a whole other time. On top of that, money and the making of money comes with one thing that most other skills don't. For example, if you're learning jiu-jitsu, you're learning guitar, you're playing a video game, there's one little nasty thing that comes with making money, and that's risk. And people don't like risk. It makes them very uncomfortable. So when you take these two things, the emotional connection that people have with their view of themsel and money and two risk, which is basically gambling with that view of yourself, people get very very uncomfortable with money and leveling up in money takes being more exposed to those levels of risk. Thus, people don't do it and they view it as a completely different thing. They view it as like something you have or you do not have. And this is why people get very resentful about it because they view it as some form of luck or some like thing that some people get and some people don't get. And the truth is, people just don't apply this damn rule I'm about to give you that you can apply to virtually every other skill set to get good at it, but they don't apply it to money. And so, here's what you need to understand and get past. Making money and getting good at making money is exactly like any other skill. You just have to identify the parts of it that result in higher net worth and growing net worth. Let me explain. So, look, making money intrinsically is no different than any other skill. For example, like playing guitar or jiu-jitsu. So, in the last 3 years, I've learned jiu-jitsu. I put in probably like 600 700 Matt hours, gone in my blue belt and in less than a year, which was pretty fast for most people. But again, I was doing it every single day for hours every single day. And I've also taught myself to play guitar. Now, I'm not going to say I'm world class at any of these. I have the athletic ability of a malnourished chimpanzee. And frankly, I think I've actually gotten pretty good at guitar, but that's not the point. The point is that I've witnessed myself getting better at things and been able to encapsulate it by comparing it to these things. So bear with me. I'm going to make those references like a thousand times in this video and talk about my adult bathrobe karate wrestling experience and so forth. But look, making money is just like these things. If I'm going into jiu-jitsu, for example, when you first do it, the most important thing with jiu-jitsu or any skill set whatsoever is you just go and get on the damn mat. That that's it. You just go and practice it. And then what you do as soon as you learn the basic moves, you get good at it, you start going and wrestling or fighting other people, whatever you want to call it, sparring with other people. and you then look at what you're doing badly and then you focus on doing it better and then you keep increasing the difficulty. So, for example, when you first start your wrestling or you're you're sparring against other white belts, as soon as you get to the point where you're doing pretty well against them, what you want to do is you want to go and up the difficulty and start sparring with other blue belts and then so on and so forth all the way up to black belt. Same exact thing plays to guitar. So, if you're going to play guitar, first thing you're gonna do is you're going to pick up the damn thing and you're gonna get going. And then what you're going to do with guitar, and trust me, again, this all ties back in the money. This is going to be the most impactful thing you ever learn. You just have to put up with my little speech here for a few more minutes and it will all make sense. So, if you're playing guitar, once again, the most important thing, you pick up the damn thing and you get going. Now, once you learn how to play your first song, maybe like Nirvana, uh, Teen Spirit, which everybody learns how to play first. You don't just keep playing that same song over and over again. You play something harder. You maybe learn a solo and you keep pushing and you keep pushing it. So, you go play a harder song and then you just, if you're like me, you just skip to try and play Van Halen and Polifia uh two weeks into it. That's really the best way to do it. But you skip to harder songs and then what you do once you're not good at those harder songs, you just do it over and over again until you're good at them. And then what you do when you get good at that is you go to play a harder song and you do harder techniques and you learn new things and you keep increasing the difficulty. This is common [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense. If you look at a skill encapsulating getting better at it, it's that simple. I know what you're thinking. Well, duh, of course, but this isn't like making money. No, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baboon. It's exactly the same thing. The reason why people are bad at making money and they view it differently is there's a bunch of really weird discomforts that come with starting it. So, I want to talk about making money all the way from getting started to maybe making your first $100,000 a year, $200, $300,000 a year. By the way, this applies to being an employee as well. You can get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loaded as an employee. I have employees at my company's net worth are approaching eight figures. So, don't think that you have to start a business. This isn't some channel where I'm like, "You got to start a business or your life sucks." That's just what people tell you so that you buy their courses. You can make so much money being a CTO or a COO or very talented salesperson. So, please, this applies to everything when it comes to making money. Now, the thing that comes with making money that separates it from these other skill sets that makes getting hard at it uh mysterious when it's not is because people have a bunch of doubts right here. And so what I'm going to talk about is not just getting started, but going from maybe being having a net worth of a million dollars to two, five, 10, 20, $100 million. Here's the journey and where people get caught up. Because a lot of people plateau. They get to a million dollar $2 million net worth and then they can't make any more money than that and they don't know why. This is why. So the main reason why people don't get started with making money is again those two things I talked about. There is risk and their personal view of themsel. If they go and get started and it doesn't work, other people will think that they're a failure. Thus, they will think they're a failure. Again, other people don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what you're doing. Nobody cares about you. Look at your daily thoughts. How many times have you thought about how well your friends or someone you know is doing in business other than comparing yourself to them? Probably very little because you're a self-centered little creature, which is fine. We all are. It's it's cool. But that's why people don't begin because they they have to risk that fragile little ego view of themsel. And then you have to constantly experience risk and leaving your comfort zone. So when you play guitar, you're playing a video game or even uh when you're doing jiu-jitsu or any other type of skill set out there, leaving your comfort zone isn't that hard. For example, if I'm playing Doom Eternal on my computer and I increase the the difficulty, the nightmare mode, and I die a whole bunch of times, I don't really hate myself for it. It's not that scary. So you can just go and keep trying over and over again without any problem. Guitar, you play a song wrong, that that's fine. You just pick it up and do it again the next day. It's not like Dobby from Harry Potter just poofs in, kicks you in the nuts, and pepper sprays you every time you mess up. No, there's no risk. But when you increase the difficulty in business, it's very uncomfortable because you have to go from a place where you're kind of comfortable or you're happy at a place where you're not and then have to put on this risk and this chance of hurting your poor little ego over and over and over again. So, it keeps capping people out. So, what happens when people start business? one, they never get started in the first place because of that initial little they don't start a business. They don't start improving their skill set. They don't start learning new things because again, they can't tolerate the risk and the threat to their ego. Then what happens even if they do get started, they start making money. Let's say they get to like $1 million a year in income or let's just say even like $500,000 a year. They go up here, they get to $500,000 a year and then they plateau. Why? Why does this happen? It's because it's like if you're going in a weight room. If you go in and you start doing bench press, your bench press is going to increase very quickly. But pretty soon, you're going to get to the point again where you have to start putting on weight that you struggle with and then you're weak all over again. But unlike in going to the gym, you already have seen a noticeable result that makes you attractive to the babes. In business, a lot of times for the first year or two, you don't start seeing muscle coming on. You don't start seeing results. And then to hop to another next muscle level or wealth level, you have to throw away that all over again and put yourself in the same beginner situation you were before, which everybody hates. Which is why when people get to a level like say 500k a year, a million dollars net worth or something like that, what happens is they plateau and then slowly decline. Because what happens is they get super comfortable right here. They get somewhat happy and then they they stop learning. they stop doing the thing I'm about to show you that helps you keep growing because again they have to take on risk and threaten their ego. So understand these two things. You have to understand them to realize why you're stopping yourself and you're not growing. Then once you understand these, you just have to simply ignore them. They're not important. It's irrelevant. They don't factor into any other skill. Why do they factor into this skill? And if you want to debate me on those things, again, back to point A and point B. You're just worried about what other people think about of you and you're worried about leaving your comfort zone because you're kind of comfortable where you are. If you're making 200k a year at a job, 100k a year at a job, you don't want to risk that. But you have to because that's how you grow. So looking at this situation right here, what business is is a is a range of skills just like any other skill. What I think it mostly is is understanding how to take constructive risk and then how to identify things you need to get good at and work on them. Okay. So, there's a whole other range of things like managing and and or buying ads or uh building software. There's all sorts of little skill sets in business that you get better at. That's not the point right here. What you need to do first off if you're beginning is you just get started. What's the most important thing if you're learning jiu-jitsu? Get on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mat. What's the most important thing if you're playing guitar? Pick up the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guitar and play it every day for a few hours. What's the most important thing if you want to get good at a video game? I know a bunch of you neck beard 5 foot2 midgets who watch this channel. little incelss that live in your mom's basement. I know you're good at video games, so there's you apparently can get good at something. You probably beaten some video games or gone to a very high level at that. So, you like every other being on Earth is capable of getting good at something. It's just you're not doing it here. What's the most important thing in the game going at a video game? You play the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game. So, if you want to get rich, first thing you need to do is just get on the damn mats. You need to get on the court and you need to start playing as much as you can because what then happens? You start developing skills and interest naturally. As you start playing guitar, you're going to start learning music you like to play. You're going to start trying to play that music, and you're going to start learning the skills that come with that music. For example, if you're playing a Nirvana song like Teen Spirit, you're going to get very good at muting, playing chunky bar chords, and playing extremely simple baboon level solos. You're going to learn how to move your fingers around, use all your fingers. All these skills will just naturally pop up. You don't have to sit down like, "Today I will learn how to m move my fingers and mute the" No, you just play the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] song and it will all come right there. Same thing with jiu-jitsu. You get on the mat, you start rolling around, you're not going to know anything. You're going to be super uncomfortable. If someone's going to be like putting in arm bars and choking you all the time, but you're gradually going to learn like, hey, I don't like being choked, so here's how I get out of this choke. Or when a person's on this position, this is how I should move my legs and position myself. It's just going to come. And so, this part is actually the easiest part. If you keep your finances extremely low, you can basically mitigate the number one thing that you're looking to avoid right here, which is risk, which is losing all your money. There's ways to start businesses and there's ways to get in the business and start learning things without taking much risk. You can start at a little Shopify e-commerce store. You can start selling contracting services. For example, when I first got started, I would sell little SEO services to businesses. Very simple skill to learn. And it just took me calling them on the phone, reaching out to them. Now, what happened when I was doing that? I learned the basics of learning SEO first off, but how to sell to people, how to manage customers, how to do billing systems, all the basic stuff. All those skills just naturally happen. And so if you're starting this, I want you to focus on this. It's not any different than any any other skill. You just start trying. Now, you don't need to go and take massive risk to start a Shopify store, to start selling the local businesses. Heck, even just become a sales rep at some company or whatever. It doesn't take much risk. You're not going to go bankrupt doing these things. So, just don't don't do that. Okay? So, you might you learn how to balance the risk first off. That's the most important skill set when you're getting started. Now, here comes the part that everybody messes up. You must always increase the difficulty. If you go to if you start learning jiu-jitsu and then you go and get on the mats and you learn the basics and then you only roll with beginners and you just start stomping these people over and over again, you're not going to get better. You're going to be very comfortable. No one's ever going to be choking you. You're always going to be winning and everyone's going to go, "Wow, he's the best weight belt in the gym. Oh my god." But you're never going to be able to beat up anybody that actually knows what they're doing. You're definitely never going to improve. If your goal is to sit at that level forever, congratulations. You're a low-level bathrobe adult karate expert. Congratulations. But we want to get to the point where we're actually really kicking some ass. And this is where people mess up. And this is where you're going to get stopped at. And it happens at various levels. People start making an extra 10,000 a year, 50,000 a year. At some point, you get comfortable. And what you need to do is the same exact thing you'll do in any other skill set. If you're playing guitar and you learn that Nirvana song, okay, you can you can play Teen Spirit. It's time to go and look at some harder music. Go find Van Halen or Metallica or something like that and start learning to play that as well. Go learn some jazz. I don't I don't know. Go learn how to play what what in the butt on guitar. The world's your oyster. Go nuts. You just need to keep improving the difficulty so that you're no longer comfortable. And that's the hard part because in every other skill set, leaving your comfort zone isn't that uncomfortable. In business, let's imagine you just got to 100k a year in business or whatever skill set you're learning and improving at, you now have to risk that money that you just made, which is giving you comfortability. And you have to risk your new fragile ego, which is that of a semisuccessful person to get to the next level. This is where people mess up and this is where I messed up. For example, when I first got to my first $2 million a year, this allowed me to essentially buy everything I wanted. I moved into a mansion. I got a a Lamborghini. That one was orange back then. And I plateaued for like 5 years. Why? Because I was super duper comfortable. And I kept doing the same exact business types and business strategies and and risk levels that I'd been doing for those 5 years. And I just didn't grow. I didn't grow at all. And I got stuck there. And I didn't understand why. And this is why. Because what you must then do again is you must stack more risk and you must up the level of challenge of the work you're doing. For example, at that point in time, I knew how to sell SEO to businesses. I knew how to launch SEO softwares and and little info procs for them, but I didn't know how to run advertising. I didn't know how to build really highlevel software. I didn't know how to build high investment software. I didn't know how to raise money. I didn't know how to build an executive site. But I didn't do any of those things because I liked making $2 million a year. I liked being semi- rich. I enjoyed it. And I thought to myself, compared to all my friends and people that I know in my general vicinity, I'm very, very successful. But compared to people that actually bust their butt and people that are actually on the court trying to win here, that's not any level of success in business. At least for me. I currently make more in a month than I used to in a year. Actually double that some months if we're looking at everything I'm doing altogether. But I didn't get to that point where I was doing that for a very long time because I got cozy and I stopped putting more weight on the bench press. And so if you're plateauing right now, what you need to do is you need to look at what you're doing. Are you doing the same thing over and over again? Are you taking more risk? If you're not growing, that is why because what business is in a nutshell is again taking risk and doing bigger, harder levels of work. So the second you feel yourself getting to a point where you're competent in business, competent any type of making money, you must go and expand it. So a really good example of this is like say you start off on Fiverr, all right? and you're just selling like graphic design services. Okay, so you start off on Fiverr, then you start selling graph design or maybe AI agents. You're building AI agent. That's really popular right now. Let's use that. So you're building AI agents for people on your own. Maybe you're selling agents from the new airrock on Hyros. Wink wink. But look, you're starting off, you're selling AI agents to people one-on-one like that. So as soon as you get to the point where you're making 100K a year on Fiverr, what a lot of people do is they'll just like stop and they'll like try and like do this more. They'll try and charge more. They'll try and squeeze more water out of this rock right here. No, no, no, no, no. What you want to then do is you want to hire a staff of people and have them building the AI agents when all you do is you focus on selling. Okay, that's a little bit more of a risk because then you're having to actually hire staff and pay them money. Oh, that's starting to get hard. Okay, so now you're making like 300k a year. Very cool. A lot of people get stuck right here. Then what you need to do is you say, "All right, how can I expand this business even more? I need to get more customers." Then you start running ads while paying other people to make the AI agent. So you expand it. Okay, now you're at 500K a year. All right, a lot of people get stuck right here. Then what do we do? We make our own AI agent software or we start bit targeting enterprise businesses. And at every one of these steps right here, I'm not going to map out the entire I can't even see. Look, this is who you're getting advice from. I can't even spell enterprise interpisible. All right, but look at each of these stages right here. You're going to feel [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid again and you're probably going to lose money and it's not going to work. you're going to get to like 300K and you're like, "I don't really want to run ads. I don't want to lose money." You're going to run ads. None of them are going to work. And you're suddenly at the point again where you're a failure and you suck again. You're not doing well. You're like, "Ah, great. I just made 300K, but I just lost 150K trying to run ads." Good. That is the price for growth in business. If you want to excel in business, the suffering, the pain that you feel in the weight room, the the suffering and pain that you feel in the jiu-jitsu mat, the frustration you feel when you can't play that song over and over again, that is risk. That is loss. that is dealing with gain and loss, which is what business and growth is when it comes to making money. It is balancing and manipulating growth and loss cuz that's all you're doing to get edges on other people and find inefficiencies in the market and basically make something for less than it makes you to make it and then sell to them. And so you start adding a lot of things into that. You you started with just working with your own time. That was what you're selling. Now you're selling other people's time. Now you're managing advertising and the attraction of time. Now you're even taking a lot of money and investing it in the product itself or improving that. And so you're constantly taking bigger swings and every single time you go forward. It's the same thing like playing guitar. If we learn guitar, you're going to skyrocket at first because you can play Nirvana. And then you try to play Van Halen and you're bad again. And you go back down. Then you can learn to play Van Halen. Then you maybe start playing some polifia or some of that Gen Z music and you're like, "Oh my god, this is terrible." And then you get good at that. And then you're like, "Fuck, maybe I'll go learn, I don't know, jazz." And you're like, "Ah, this is lame boomer music. This is terrible." And you get really bad again. And you go back up again. And this is how you grow in business. You have to keep increasing the difficulty. Every single time you're wondering, how do I get richer? You need to look at what you're doing. If you're starting from zero, you need to get on the damn court so there's at least some difficulty or something going on. As soon as you get on the court and you start being able to make three-pointers, you start be able to choke someone in jiu-jitsu. You start being able to play your your first songs, you have to say, "Okay, this is great, but I'm going to have to go back down the mountain and climb it again and increase the weight." And if you do this consciously and aggressively every single time for years, you will get rich. I guarantee it. Because what you're doing is the essence of how people get rich but don't talk about it. And that is treating it like any other skill set. What business is is being able to make really good decisions, manage risk, and all the little subsklls below it. It's not some lottery where you just go and push buttons and some get lucky and some don't. The reason why, for example, if you look like Alex or Mosie, you could find videos of Alex all the way back to like forever ago, where he's just like a little newborn elf making gym videos in like a dimly lit room. The reason why Alex is so damn good at business and the videos and he's grown his businesses so far, if you've seen his recent stuff he's doing, very cool, is because Alex kept increasing the damn difficulty over and over again. What he's doing at acquisition right now is leagues more challenging than what he was doing at gym launch. And he had to go and take huge steps back to actually go and build acquisition. What I'm doing at Hyros right now of my companies right now is billions of times more complex than what I was doing when I was selling SEO services. And in order to go and take that leap to Hyros, for example, when I was really frustrated at $2 million a year, I actually sold all my so I didn't have to worry about money or risk at all. Moved into a completely empty apartment and built my software company then. And while I wasn't broke by any means, I removed all the fear of risk and all the discomforts right there. Stopped caring what people thought about me, which again was me thinking about what they thought about me. No one was actually thinking about me whatsoever. And I focused on being able to take more risk and grow my skill set. As soon as I started doing that, I started going back up the mountain again. My net worth grew past 9 figures very quickly. Honestly, in the span of years, and my income shot from a million, $2 million a year to making over $2 million a month. And that's what I'm trying to convey to you right here. And that people don't get what I just conveyed to you is a very, very simple statement. Find a skill. Keep increasing the difficulty. Every time you hit the point where you're satisfied with where you are, throw it all away and increase the difficulty more. This is the most common sense thing ever. But people have this weird view of money, this weird view of wealth that won't let them do that. And so when they get plateaued, they keep trying to find ways to grow without taking more risk or without being uncomfortable. Again, when they're getting started, they're thinking, "How do I build a business without taking risk or being uncomfortable?" You don't. As soon as they start making more money from that, they get past that little irky thing. and they're like, "Okay, that was that was hard, but now that I've made it, I don't want to go back to taking risk and being uncomfortable ever again." Guess what? You got to. As soon as you're making 100K, 200k a year, you throw it all out the window. You you take the dice, you head back to the casino, and you do it again. And you're going to lose and you're going to lose and you're going to lose until you get good enough that you can win. And as soon as you start winning again, back to the casino. Lose, lose, lose, win, win, win, lose, lose, lose, win, win, win. And that, my little internet buddy, is the most effective rule, the most effective talk I can give you in 20 minutes about how to get rich. If you just do that one thing and apply that rule over and over and over again, it will all work out. Because no matter what happens, no matter what skill you're trying to learn, you're constantly going to get much better at it. And those risks you take and those things you mess up, you're going to learn from them. And you're not going to make that same mistake again. And then you stop making so many mistakes. And then you start winning. And then you just repeat the process over and over again as fast as you possibly can. What most people do is they take it very slowly. They they try they get to a certain point, then they try to do it without being comfortable, not taking risks again, and they say, "Oh shit." And then two years later, they do it. A really smart person hits that wall and immediately throws it all away, does it again. If you look at Mr. Beast, for example, when he was growing his videos, as soon as he made any money from his videos, he took all that money, threw it back in the videos, and started making even crazier videos. As soon as he made money from that, all the money into it, constant discomfort. That's why he's a billionaire. That's why I'm not a billionaire. because as soon as I got to a level of wealth, I kept the money and tried to be comfortable. Don't do that. That's it. If you like videos like this in the channel, I'm going to be making a lot more general videos on this channel because uh I'm tired of making ad videos because you can only learn so much about ads. If you like that, you should like and subscribe. And if you want to see ad videos, there's still a few laying around right here in the suggestions. though. Okay. Bye.