Title: Injecting This Daily Made Me A 200 IQ God
Video ID: YC9_Sga5F2M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC9_Sga5F2M
================================================================================

Give me that stack. Tell me about that stack, bro. I need to know your stack. Over the past decade online, I've built a net worth north of $200 million. And the number one question people ask me is not, Alex, how'd you build your businesses? What's your business strategy? Tell me about hiring or something like that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Number one question is, give me back that stack, bro. That stack, bro. What stack are you putting in your body? Yes. The number one question is my biohacking routine. What is the supplements I'm taking? What is the peptide and injection stack I'm taking? What am I putting in my body to achieve the IQ and wisdom of the turtle from Kung Fu Panda? But the mental acuity of Plankton from Spongebob Squarepants. And in this video, I'm just going to give you the answer. Just roids. Just straight TRT. Just put in a needle, put it in your body, inject it in your I'm just kidding. My stack actually involves zero steroids, which you wouldn't be able to tell by these. That said, in this video, I'm going to give you my full biohacking stack. And this is a special stack because I'm actually the original Brian Johnson. Yes. Before he ever got inside a hyperaric chamber or learned about red light therapy. I've been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] since I was like 25 for 10 years. And in this time frame, I don't think I'm quite as optimized as uh good old BJ. But I have achieved a peptide stack, a biohacking routine, a diet, a skincare routine that has given me some pretty damn good results. My net worth is also extremely high. But I've also maintained a six-pack since I was about 27. I am 37 now, closer to 38. I am able to wake up at 2 am every single day and keep focus, energy, motivation, all that kind of stuff. I'm able to do jujitsu five times a week as an old man, which I'm not doing right now, but I've done it before and been just fine. It's allowed me to not age like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and keep decent skin despite being an absolute wild weekend drunk most of my life. I should look like a potato that's been left out in the sun by now. But I do not because I got the biohacking routine. I got the the stuck that's going to get you the results. And what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to give you my entire day, mostly focused on the biohacking and the stuff I'm injecting and putting in my body to maintain as close as possible peak mental fitness, keep my body good, give myself energy, and not be dragged down by being old and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And in my opinion, this has helped me a lot in business because I have a clear mind. I have a ton of energy, a lot of motivation, and uh you know, those things are pretty good if you're trying to make money because if you feel like soggy ass, it's it's more difficult to make money. That's the lesson for the day. If you inject your eyeballs with steroids, it's easier to make money than uh being a soggy old piece of ass. So, let's begin. So, in a second, I'm going to give you my entire vitamin stack, my entire daily routine, how I do everything. I just want to give you my two cents on this whole morning routine, biohacking health thing, because everybody has wide ranging stuff. Brian Johnson is going to tell you to spend six hours a day taking care of your body. Alexi, my buddy, is going to tell you just wake up, pound some coffee, take some nicotine, walk over to your computer, get to work. Where is the in between? Where is the benefit? Who's correct here? So, look, if you're a person who's looking to completely optimize who you are, I'm going to tell you how to do it in this video because it's been a massive focus of mine since I was 25. It's been like my side hobby. I've been doing this for a long time. It's very important to me that I wake up and I'm primed 247. Because of that, I can give you an accurate two cents on this. Look, at the end of the day, the thing that's going to get you the most results is what Alex Heroszi is saying. Get to your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] computer, take some coffee, pound some nicotine, get to work. That being said, it is also very important to me to age well and to feel good most of the time and not feel like soggy ass when I'm working. In my opinion, I have pretty weak mental willpower. If I feel a little bit off, I'm not going to be at my peak and I'm a giant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So that's just not going to correlate to my business very well. And I think there's a lot more aspects to life than just doing well in business. I think there's also how you feel. And I think there's living for a long time. And one of my goals is to live to 120 150 plus. I think we're going to see 300 year lifetimes in our lifespan. But that's a whole other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] subject. And so when it comes down to your morning routine and the things you do every single day, can you get absolutely soul crushing amazing results doing absolutely nothing? Yes. I think waking up and having a routine that makes you feel good and keeps your body in peak prime, it makes everything a lot easier, though. It's not going to unlock the moon and the stars for you, and frankly, you should get the first part right. But nailing the basis of what I'm going to tell you here will allow you to feel so much better and work so much better, put on muscle so much better, and stay prime despite having some really bad vices. For example, I've been a mega caffeine addict and a wild drunk most of my life. So, I've been able to overcome a lot of nasty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I've done, including having a terrible diet by completely overriding it with some of the biohacking nonsense I'm going to show you in this video. I don't really do that stuff anymore. But imagine being able to pick up chicks while covered in your own feces. That's that's basically what I've able to get away with, while able to get the result, but have your cake, too. And I don't know if having your cake means covering yourself in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like a gorilla, but let's get into this. Here's where we go. So, look, I'm going to start off from the entire day. And yes, for the people that did come for the thumbnail and the clicky clicky injection stuff, I do inject a lot of stuff in my body. I take like 10 injections a day, it's kind of weird, but it's highly effective. So, we'll get into that, but I want to break down the entire day to you because so much goes into optimizing your brain and everything beyond just injecting roids directly into your ass. So, here's how we start the day. Every single day, I'm going to get up at 2 a.m. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to hop and take a cold shower. If you've watched a two-hour hubman video on it, you know that cold showers are very productive. You don't actually need to watch a two-hour [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video to know that if you hop in a cold shower, it will wake you up and get you get you a little bit pumped up for the day. That that's the lesson right there. No Hooverman video needed. Just get in aing cold shower. It will wake you up. It gets all your dopamine and everything flowing. It's a hard thing to initially start your day. It's great. Take a cold shower. You don't need to take the Wimhof method and do three hours of research to understand that getting in cold water is going to help boost you at the start of the day. Then immediately what I'm going to do is hop into my skincare routine. Now I know you're going to sit there and be like, [laughter] "What a beta cookie has a skincare routine." Yes, you will look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by the time you're 40 if you do not do take care of your skin. If you get on videos, you try to pick up hot babes. You need to take care of your skin. I'm sorry. It's not going to go well. I'm not saying I have the best skin on earth, but I don't have any big wrinkles or any big crazy stuff on my face despite being a raging drunk. And trust me, I have a lot of friends that did all the same stuff I did. They It's not going well. Okay, so look, I know it's a little gay. I know it's a little feminine. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. You don't want to look like a rugged potato next to your babe of a wife when you make tons of money. Okay, so skin routine is very simple. It's going to be stac out over the next 30 minutes or so so it all absorbs. I would not advise going and getting in the skincare routines and everything first off right now if you suck at everything else. It's not that important. But you want to put toner on after cleansing. Then you put some polish choice on. This is going to close up your pores and everything after you've cleansed and everything from the night before, which is a whole other skincare routine. Then you're going to put a vitamin C serum on. It's going to heal a lot of I'm not going to break down everything is walking right here. This is works. I've done lots of research on it. You can take it or leave it. Put on a vitamin C serum. Then you put on some good eye cream, some good moisturizer. Then you put on sunscreen. This is going to stop your skin from turning into a moldy potato as you age and overcome all sorts of bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you've probably done. So do it. I will put all the products in my upcoming supplement list. I'm going to release on here in our community tab. You have to be subscribed if you want to see the post though. So, you should go below and subscribe right now. You're not going to see that when I post in the community tab later this week. It will be in my entire list of supplements and everything right there. That's the order of what you want to do in the morning for skincare. You don't need expensive skincare. Now, this takes about 5 to 10 minutes. It's not like we have a 2-hour morning routine. But immediately after I do that, what I'm going to do is I'm going to do a quick 3 minute to five minute HIT workout. This just gets the blood pumping, gets the adrenaline going, gets the dopamine, wakes up your body. Again, we can go into all the scientific Herman workout research scientific. This improves your dopamine receptor. No, dude. Getting on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] treadmill and sprinting for 3 minutes wakes you the up in the morning. It's useful. The end. Next, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a giant mega dose of creatine because it just helps with being alert and awake. It's going to give you a lot of uh energy. Taking 10 grams, 15 grams of stuff. It works really well and frankly I don't sleep that great. This is going to be a biohacking video where I'm like, "Hey, I only sleep like five, six hours a night. Sue me." So, it also helps with a little bit of energy in that regard. So, then immediately what I'm going to do is going to hop into the injections. I'm going to inject NAD+. This is a really good anti-ager. Helps with energy. I'm going to inject some B12 three times a week. A full red little syringe of it. Straight into the thigh. Helps with energy and energy levels. A peptide that I will take is tzamorin. This is going to be something that helps boost your growth hormone things really good for anti-aging and whatnot. Now, people are going to be wondering, Alex, are you on TRT or whatnot? I don't think TRT is really the question right here. I will be transparent with you. When I'm doing jiujitsu and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] five times a week, this is something that a 37 38 year old man should not be doing. When I was doing that in the past, yes, I'd be on TRT because frankly, and you need every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advantage you can get. Okay, but my point right here is that you should be getting your testosterone levels around 800 to 900, 1,000 if you want to be extra saucy. It doesn't matter how you do this. If you're being healthy, look, if you are super healthy, you're doing everything right, you're sleeping, and your testosterone levels are at five, you probably need to get on TRT. If not, you testosterone levels will probably get up there. I've known plenty of people, including myself, who've gone to 800, 900 without being on TRT. If you're a young man and you're getting on TRT, that's just goofy. Okay? Like, try sleeping and not living on chili hot Cheetos for a week, maybe you'll see some good results there. I don't think if you're under 30, you should be considering TRT. I don't think if you're under 35, you should be considering TRT. Those are the situations in which I'm going to take it, which is when I'm trying to have a midlife crisis and pursue an athletic career and adult bathrobe ground croy. Uh, that's that's when I'm going to be taking it. So, that's the context of that. on GH boosters like tessimorin and peptides. I don't really think you need those unless you're really trying to again do something beyond your age, which is getting super duper fit as you're older. These things are fine. I don't think they're super required. They're neat. They're not going to be something that's going to drive you to the next level of anything. It does give you a bit more energy. You do put on muscle a little bit better. They're useful, but it's not super required. It's also expensive, so it's like the last thing you need to be buying. Then at this point, I'm going to hop in front of a red light therapy machine for 10 minutes. These are pretty common. helpful with skin, helpful of energy, all sorts of benefits and hoopla. Everybody that biohacks does it. You should probably do it, too. So, then that wraps up the morning hoopla of what we're going to do. The next thing I'm immediately going to do is I'm going to pound about 400 milligrams of caffeine via coffee. And about three times a week, I'm going to take a little 2 milligram dose of nicotine from gum. And I'm usually going to take those before I shoot videos because it helps with creativity and letting the the words flow off your tongue. Before I shot this video, I took some nicotine. For all the people that always accuse me of doing cocaine before doing videos, no, I would never do that. I just do nicotine instead. It's It's way better than cocaine. Way way clearer, way better energy boost. So, I'm going to do some nicotine. I know a lot of people do nicotine every single day before work. I don't want that cuz the last thing I want is another addiction in my life. I'm already addicted to coffee. I already like drinking a little bit too much. I avoid alcohol these days, but trust me, I still thoroughly enjoy going to the bar and d and pounding 10 oldfashions. It's it's a great time. I don't do that anymore, but trust me, the desire is there. The last thing I want is another one of those little pickles in my life in the form of nicotine. I don't want that monkey on my back. So, I keep it very sparingly with that. Now, the very important part of all this is you shouldn't eat in the morning. If you want to eat in the morning and you don't like this advice, go do it. I know other people are like, "Well, I got to have my eggs or my little biscuit." All right, fine. go eat your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] biscuit. But when you eat, your digestion takes away energy from the rest of your body and that's going to slow you down. So if you on all sorts of uppers like I am, you're not going to be very hungry. So you should just not eat. You're going to be much faster, much more efficient. So at this point in time from about it depends when I get up. Whether it's 1:00 a.m., 2 am, it just depends when I get up. I'm going to work for about three or four hours. This is going to be my silent focused work for the day. I can get lots of the creative work content done, designing hyros, the product. I do all the product design for that. A lot of the copywriting, web design, stuff that I can do on my own that requires creative thinking, running of ads, and setting up stuff like that. That's what I'm going to get all that done in the first three to four hours. I truly believe if you sit down and don't talk to buddy and you just work in those three to four hours without any distractions, you're going to get more done than most people get done in a week in those three to four hours. And you could literally almost pull off working three to four hours a day if you just nail that time period. I'm trying to become a billionaire, so I have to work a little bit more than that. But I'm pretty confident I could keep up my income right now and stay where I'm at right now, just working three to four hours a day tops. That being said, that's my thoughts on that. Now, after that 3 to four hours, what I'm then going to do is I'm going to go hit the gym and lift. I got my own gym in my place, and I just go in there and lift about three to four times per week. I used to do a full body workout every single day. Um, it depends how aggressive you want to be with your workout routine. I think you get really good results three to four times per week. About four times per week doing a full body workout four times per week. I'm not here to give fitness [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advice. I'm not the world's greatest muscle builder fitness dude. I have managed to keep a six-pack and stay Tyler Duran Fight Club ripped for almost a decade now. That's my goal. I'm not trying to get giant jacked gym bro. I'm trying to look like Tyler Deran from Fight Club. That's that's basically my goal. And I've achieved that for almost a decade. And that's the kind of routine that I've used to get there. while mixing that with fasting and some smart forms of dieting that I'll I'll talk about here in a second. Now, if I'm not lifting, I'm probably going to go on uh I'm going to hop on the treadmill and walk for 30 to 45 minutes while watching a podcast or something like that. Uh get that walking. That helps with the calories and helps when you eat throughout the rest of the day to uh make it so it's not that easy to overeat and put on weight because I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pig and I like to eat a lot of food. So, I'm not even getting into the diet right now. That's a whole other that's a whole other thing. So, at that point, one thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go and then I'm going to eat and I'm going to watch CEO interviews, podcasts, stuff like that. That's the best way I learn. I primarily watch interviews from SAS and tech founders. I don't watch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcasts talking about the purpose of life and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. I like going and looking at things that I'm doing in my work that apply to my tech company and I look at other tech company founders and what they did when they're in a similar spot. That's why I like to learn and I so I do that for about an hour at this point while cooking and eating. I know a lot of people are like, "Don't cook your food and whatnot and whatever." Yeah, you probably shouldn't, but I find if I'm watching these things while cooking and eating, uh, that gets it done. Then what I do is I take a nap, probably one hour to two hours. This is how I get a total of about six hours of sleep per day. I kind of break up the sleeping into two parts, kind of two shifts of the day. One thing that I do that I don't currently do, because I don't have it installed in my house, it's being installed right now. I had it at my old place, is I would go and take my nap in a hyperaric chamber. It's going to be an hour and a half to two hour nap. I just go sleep in there. If you've seen Brian Johnson's results in there, it's probably the best anti-aging, best slowing of aging, best overall health thing you can do. And so I do that every single day. I'm just going to eat. It makes me a little bit sleepy. Go sleep in the chamber for an hour to two hours. Get that two hours of sleep. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to wake back up and go to the second part of the day. I'm going to drink some more coffee and I'm going to get back to work and do my second 3 to four hour work shift. Just focused work and get it done. I've already kind of digested all the food. I got some more coffee in me. There we go. Then at this point, I'm gonna do my second workout of the day. I'm going to go run for about 30 to 40 minutes. Zone two cardio. Nothing too crazy. I'm not trying to overwhelm my body because then you're going to sleep bad and you're going to be tired all the time. If you're working out twice a day, you don't want to be doing two like excessive workouts per day. When I was doing lifting and also doing jiu-jitsu every single day, I had to be on TRT and like Tesmorlin and keeping everything refined and I was just zonked the entire time. That's overtraining. You're not going to do well. You're going to be not sleeping. your cortisol levels are going to be off the charts. So, you just want to do some light running. And I do that, burn some calories, get the heart rate, basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Then, I'm going to hop into the sauna at about 180° and I'm going to do that for about 20 minutes. Just sweat out all the gunk, get fresh, take another cold shower, go do all my kind of cleanup work and light work for the rest of the day. That's going to be talking to people. That's going to be doing anything that's not been done for the day. That's going to be planning the next day. Then I'm going to go eat again. And that's what I'm going to take my giant 8000 pill supplement stack right there. So look, instead of breaking every single one of these down, I'm just going to put the list on the screen right now. Uh my my overall supplement stack is pretty much a combination of Brian Jinson and Simland. That's pretty much it. There's a few things I've thrown in there, but you can pretty much go and my advice when it comes to supplement stacks instead of telling you and walking you through every single one on here. I will be giving a link directly to this file here in about a week. I'm just editing and updating it and I'll post it in the community tab. You you have to be a subscriber. You won't see this post, but I'll post in the community tab here a little bit later this week. You can go there. You can just look at the file and copy it if you want. My best advice for supplement stacks is this. Start with Simland's essential vitamins list. He has just has a he has a big old PDF file. You can go to hising site and it will just give you all the essentials right here. He's really good at supplements and picking the best ones. That's the overunder of what's just going to get you the results you're looking for when it comes to supplements. Then if you want to start going and adding to that, what you should not do until you've mastered that little supplement list right there is then you can kind of go branch out into Brian Johnson's list. He's really good at actual resultbased supplement taking. There is other people out there who are buyer hackers that have their supplement list or whatever. My logic is when you've gotten the Simland list down and you've gotten the Brian Johnson list down, you pretty much are putting enough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your body to to heal a horse and make it live to be a thousand years old. You do you really need anything else other than that? You're good. You're all right. You're you're getting there. And so I'm probably taking I don't even know how many pills are not every single day. It's a lot, but you know, I find it kind of fun. So that's what I do. So, at this point, the day's sort of pretty much done. What I'm going to do is I'm going to meditate. I'm going to then probably hang out with my wife for three to four hours. Just do really nothing with her. Uh, that's that's just hang out. It's nice. I don't know if that's biohacking, but you should enjoy hanging out with your wife. That's a default you should look for in your relationship. Then, I'm going to take my nighttime stack, which is basically going to be magnesium glycine. There's all sorts of other stuff you can throw in there for sleep. I just don't find it works very well. Then I'm going to do the nighttime skin routine, which is basically just short of washing your face, putting on toner again, using retinol, and then reapplying moisturizer. There's all sorts of other cool little gizmo things you can do, but that's going to get you 90% of the oomph. Then I'm going to throw on some red light glasses, red light blockers or blue light glass blockers, you know, the things that everybody wears before they go to bed. Put those on, watch some TV, hang out. I know you shouldn't watch TV be before bed, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I like it. And that is the whole entire routine. That is everything I do in a day to keep my mind where it is. That's my entire schedule and everything I do. Cool. All right. So, yeah, that's everything I do. If you want that supplement list, it's on the screen in the middle of this video. You can just go copy it from there. I will leave a link to that and all the skincare products and everything. They will not be affiliate links cuz like I'm not even go through the process of collecting all those pennies from the affiliate links. You just honest recommendations. Most of the stuff I use is extremely affordable stuff because it just works better than the expensive stuff. I'll link to that, but you need to be subscribed or you will not see it in my community post tab, which you can get to by going to the homepage of my channel and then you should see a communities tab. You click over there, that's where the links will be at. But you need to be subscribed because I said it's the only subscribers see that post because if you're not subscribed, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I don't like you. So, um, that's the video. Have a good day.