Title: It's GROSS, But this SaaS pitch made me $232 Million
Video ID: 8i0ZIHDI024
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i0ZIHDI024
================================================================================

No, you skeptical Sally. The title of this video is not clickbait. The sales pitch I'm going to give you, I've used to sell hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars worth of SAS software. This will also work for you if you're selling services. And I can tell you this with a straight face because I use this to grow my biggest SAS company, Hyros, to closing in on $40 million ARR right now, growing at about 40 to 50% per year. And I'm using this exact sales pitch. If you hop on a call at Hyros right now, you're going to go through this entire thing. In short, it works. So, let's get into it. So, first thing we need to do is break down what this is, why we're using it, and the goal of what we're trying to do here with these pitches, which of course is first sell the product. But we really want to be able to sell our SAS product in a way that generates a lot of upfront revenue to give us cash flow early on in our business. Later on your business, this isn't necessarily as important. You can actually just go for straight up MR. But when we first get started, we want to be able to generate a lot of cash flow by getting people to pay a year, two years up front and sign larger contracts that allow us to get money in the door from our advertising. This will make our paid advertising work a lot better because if you get a phone call and the person signs up at $99 per month, it's kind of hard to make it work if you're paying $200, $300 per phone call. If the person signs up for a year up front and pays $1,000 upfront, suddenly all the numbers in your paid advertising start working. This is what this pitch is designed for to do. So this all in mind, this is the typical get a person on a sales demo for a SAS and then close them methodology that you see pretty much every company doing. But what we do at Hyros is we actually structure this in a almost info marketing like sales pitch that is much more effective than what you see at other companies. A lot of companies you see people hop on and they do a demo and that's why their close rates are terrible. Now, our pitch is not some pushy info late night infomercial thing, but it does use the sales psychology of these to get people to understand the opportunity they have. And the reason why we want to do demos, especially when we first start our softwares out, is because we're able to maximize the money we get from the customers coming in and also maximize their commitment. So, what do I mean by this? If a person hops on a Hyros call and chats with the rep, and by the way, I can run SAS companies, but I I can't spell. But please don't let that ruin my aura of fake professionality in these videos. That said, the reason why we want to also focus on not just maximizing money for obvious reasons, but the commitment is because when a person comes on and they sign up through hires through one of these calls, they already have a road plan of how they're going to be successful, how they're going to set the product, and they're basically committed to coming on now that they've paid a little bit upfront to using the product. When you first launch your SAS company or even later on, you're going to see that people that sign up through demos and sign up for a larger upfront commitment are going to churn far far far less. If a person signs up for one year and the whole setup plan, they already have the committed to the responsibility of setting up the software and you're going to see churn drop from 15 20% with your early softwares to 5 3% to something you can work with. Is this as easy and turnkey as having a big open wide openen SAS where people sign up for free and do a free trial? No. But it's very hard to get that to work early on because your product is so untested and people are not even sure it will work. So this is how you really maximize this and this is why we use these. Now the goal we have with this is to get people to sign up for a year up front. Yes, they can sign up monthtomonth. But the reason why we want to do this is two-prong. One, one year up fronts just have lower churn and lower churn equals more money longterm. The end. Now the other reason we want to do this is cash flow. Again, if you have lots of money rolling in, you can afford to lose a little bit of money up front when you're getting customers. But when we're first starting our software company, if we have a $350 a month subscription, we get someone to pay $3,500. We're going to make so much more money on our front end that allows us to cover the cost of the company much more easily. If we get 30 customers on this each month, we're making 100k a month, which we can then use and put towards engineering and whatnot. Whereas, if we only get 30 people right here, we're at $9,000 a month, which is just not enough to cover cost. If let's say your business costs $30 $40,000 a month in its early stages, it's just not going to work. So, this is why this is just crucially critically important and things I want you to keep in mind as we go through this and why we're doing this because a lot of people watching this, you're going to bootstrap. You're not going to be some Y Combinator company or some company that raises $10 million at the gate. This might be your first software company. All those things are going to require you to bootstrap and need capital coming in to make it work. So you need to understand the first things first which is exactly what we do with Hyros. Our company is 100% bootstrapped and this is the exact process we use to sell our tracking at Hyros to all sorts of businesses. By the way, if you are a SAS company, you should be using Hyros tracking. It will make you 10 to 15% more from your ads guaranteed. And you should turn on Hyros Air as well because it's going to turn all the people that come to your website and don't book demos and don't join your software. It's going to find them, reach out them, and use an AI to close them and bring them back to the phone call or signing up on your site, thus increasing your revenue about three, five, seven%. We actually already used it to add over $100,000 a month in MR at Hires ourselves. So, if you're a SAS company, you you should consider using it. You need to understand the difference between a SAS demo and the typical phone call closes you see infoarketers and this just the high impact Wolf of Wall Street like closes you see that are known and online. So, the difference between a SAS pitch and a info pitch is we're not selling shenanigans. In many cases, we're selling something that is guaranteed to make the customer more money than they pay. Guaranteed. If a person signs up for your product and they're your target customer and they do not make more money than they pay you, you are not going to have a working business. You have to be able to guarantee results if they're a target customer and set it up correctly. The end. If you don't have that, then you don't have a SAS company, period. It's not that you just can't even use this pitch. It's that you don't have a SAS company period, especially in B2B, which it only comes down to the bottom line and the ROI that it's getting. And so, what we're trying to do in this pitch is we're going to be using a lot of the sales psychology that we see infoarketers and really highowered Wolf of Wall Street pitches use, but a much more low-key way that makes the person more so understand the value. And then we're basically going to ask them repeatedly why would they not want to go and get a $100 bill for $20. The entire point of this pitch is getting the person to realize that your product is $100 and then selling it to them for $20. If you can achieve this right here, you're going to convert insanely highly. We convert at almost 40% on the high demos that we do. And a lot of the people that come on aren't even our target customers. So we can't even convert at like 80% if we want to. So I would say of the targeted qualified customers that come on, we probably convert about 80% of them. So knowing this, we have to understand the phases and everything we have to go through in this pitch. Now I know you might be looking for a step-by-step worded script or template, but it's really not like this. You just have to understand the phase of where you are in the communication with the customer and what they're thinking and what you're trying to achieve. And you just don't move to the next step till you've achieved it. Okay? We don't need some long Wolf Roll Street pickup artist scripted step-by-step script. We really just need to understand the phase in the conversation that we're in. And so what we need to do is we first need the customer to identify and assign a money value to the problem they have. And they need to do this themselves. Okay? Then we need to show them our SAS fixing these identified problems they identified themselves. And then we need to then get them to talk about how much it will make them or save them and the money they literally just admitted. Okay. Then what we need to do is we need to then sell access to SAS for much less usually about 20% of the money that makes them. Then finally what we need to do is offer VIP or white glove experience for annual subscriptions. So what is this? For example, at Hyros what we're going to do is I'm not going to try and spell here is when a person signs up at Hyro what we're going to say is like hey you know you might have some trouble setting this up. You might have some trouble using the software. You probably want premium VIP support. How about we give you all that and do that all for you? You just have to sign up for a year upfront and we'll give you a 20% discount. And if for some reason you don't see the results we talked about in this pitch, you don't have to pay for it. We'll just refund you all your money immediately. There's absolutely no risk here whatsoever. If you get set up and there isn't crazy results or even if you come in and you don't set up, we will still give you a full refund. And then what I do is I show them all the results that Hires has gotten. And if you've looked at all the other videos I've gotten on here, you know how much I talk about getting results and then advertising results. If you look at hires, we just have pages of famous people, big marketers, big brands, hundreds and hundreds of smaller brands, people across all sorts of business models, lots of SAS companies, lots of e-commerce companies. Basically, if you go to the website and you click on the SAS page, you're going to see tons of huge SAS companies. If you click on the ecom page, you're going to see tons of huge ecom companies. You're going to see lots of famous brands like Alexozi, Tony Robbins, Playboy, etc. on the site. Why do we get those? So we can show those results and then when we're showing them these promises that we talked about and the promise of results, we show those to verify that. Again, this isn't going to be like some info marketing pitch where 80% of customers cannot get results or can't get results. We need 100% of people that come on to get results if they use the software. Okay, the end. And so we we're not doing this from like some tongue-in-cheek like we promise results guaranteed kind of We're actually literally guaranteeing results. So I want to be very clear on that. If you sign up for hyros in this pitch right here or you use this pitch at all, you have to guarantee the results. Guarantee or you don't you don't get to keep the money if the customer doesn't get the result. That is bar one. Okay. So now let's go through this pitch step by step. And what I want you to do right here is I want you when you are thinking about this pitch, go and make a word dock and set these three points in the word dock. Make one point to start called identify. Make the other point uh solve the problem with your SAS. Make the final point, sell it for less than it makes them. And then finally, the annual VIP offer. So, put your offer and everything you have going right here. This is just a really good thought blueprint to put together your pitch. Because again, we don't need to go word by word. And because your software is so different, the demo is going to go differently in how you show them these results. You just have to understand where we are. So, let's talk about step one, identify. So, I'm going to give you the examples in the Hyros pitch right here, and I want you to then apply it to your business. So when a person comes on at Hyros, we know they have two problems with their ads because this is why we designed the software in the first place. When you design your software, you should already know the problems and where the businesses are losing money. So for example, if you're doing this for um oil drillers, you're doing this for pharmaceutical companies, you're doing this for lawyers and their businesses, you already know where they're losing money at or could be making more money. You you know this problem like the back of your hand. It should be more well known to you than it is to the customer many of the times. This isn't something where we like kind of guess and poke around and find a problem to call. Like you know where the bodies are buried. Okay, that's rule number one. So at Hyro, we know where the bodies are buried. If you're running Facebook ads, Google ads, the more ad spend you spend, the less accurate your tracking becomes because of various different reasons with all the Facebook updates, how the ad tracking platforms don't talk to each other, with how cookies are erased by Apple and different browsers and how people change browsers, they change locations. It's just a disaster. and Facebook ads and Google ads can't track it very well. I'm going to leave it at that and you're just going to have to take my word on it. If you want an explanation of why those things happen, I would I could break a whole entire video about how Facebook ads and every all their tracking is broken and it's not their fault and they're never going to fix it. But we're just going to leave it at this right now. Okay. So, just assume that we know that if a person is spending money on ads about 15% of their potential scale is going to be stopped by this issue and they're going to waste about 15% of their ad spend. So this means if someone's making or if they're making 100K a month on their ads and this example right here, let's just keep the numbers simple, they're also spending 100K a month on their ads, they could easily go and increase their revenue from these ads to 115K a month through additional scale. And they could also go and remove waste on this end right here. About $15,000 a month in waste, resulting in dropping this down to $85,000 spend and increasing the overall output to 115K, making them $30,000 from this. Okay? And so this is what high-risisk delivers for companies all day just by fixing their tracking. It's it's the breakage that we talk about and everything else. So the reason why someone hops on the call originally is because they know this this issue exists. They know they have this problem, but what they've never sat down and done is actually assign a value to the problem. They've probably just been like, "Man, I can't really see my ad results or I don't know if I can trust these." Okay? And so then they hop on the call to kind of explore it. So what I'm going to do when the person comes in the call is just ask them what are their problems with tracking. Do they think it's losing them money or stopping them from scaling anywhere? That's it. And a lot of times the customers will just start telling you about the problems right there because they're on the call and they know what their problems are. This isn't going to be like some info pitch where everybody's skeptical and trying to hold back. like they want your software to solve their problem. Like they are there, they don't want to do calls for other companies. They don't want to shop around. They want your software to perfectly solve their problem. So like they're going to tell you most of the time. All right. So the customer gets on, I'm going to ask them about that and they'll be like, "Yeah, I'm actually I feel like I can't scale very far uh using this and I feel like I'm wasting a ton of money." And I say, "Okay, cool. Like, so let's let's talk about this and look at the ads right here inside your ad account. How much do you think this is stopping you from scaling?" And I would say is 5 to 10% 15% a good ballpark. Person says yes or no. And we kind of go back and forth until they assign a number maybe 8 10%. I say okay cool. Based on what you just said you're probably wasting money or you feel you're wasting money. What's the ballpark that you're probably wasting? If they if you're spending 100k a month in your your account do you think you're wasting 5 10% 15%. We're usually going to agree on some numbers around 15 to 10%. You don't have to solve massive 30 50% problems in the customer's business for them to make money. If the business is making a million dollars a month and you find a way to solve 10% of problems or something related to revenue, they can make an extra hundred,000 a month. Like it's you don't have to solve massive huge sweeping changes in their business. Regardless, that's how we want the opening of the call to go. You want the customer to tell you what their problems are and then you want to start assigning percents or dollar values to those problems. So person tells me they're spending 200,000 a month on ads. I say, "Okay, so based on what you're told me, you you could scale 10% further or you could save 10%. So based on that, we could just honestly make you $40,000 per month more if we solve this problem for you right now. Do you see what I just did there? I assigned the value of solving these problems to 40,000 a month for the customer. So one thing I'm going to add to this right now is if the customer doesn't say they have a problem, it's it's your job not to like put words in their mouth and it's also your job not to let them move forward. They're not going to get to pitch the software or get the demo if they don't have a problem. If if the person comes on the call for high-risisk for example and I say all right so what are you seeing in your ad account there's two situations that'll happen right here and this is the most as much playbyplay I'm going to give you because this is really the only routes you can go and then you just think about how your software can fix these specific issues okay so route number one is the person wants they know they have a problem but they don't know what the problem is so you say okay cool so could I just show you like some things that we routinely see in ad accounts where people lose money and then when in this example right here I just walk them through our ad account and I would show uh tracking and how it doesn't line up accurately. And I'd say, "Okay, so do you think you might have this in your account?" If it's a more open-minded customer that doesn't understand their problem, they're probably going to say, "Yeah, I think I'm probably lowering my scale by not seeing this tracking gap right here. For example, your tracking right here caught 100 scales. This Facebook tracking caught 60 sales." Honestly, that's really messing up with my ads. And then we're going to go over and I'm not going to tell them how much you're losing. I'm going to say, "Well, how much do you think you could scale further if you had this problem solved? and then how much money do you think you could save if you had this problem solved? They're probably usually going to give me around that 15 10% range. And then we're working with the same thing when we've assigned a dollar value to their problem. Okay. Finally, you're going to have the customer that doesn't think they have a problem, knows what the problem is, knows the problem your software solves, and just isn't going to admit they have a problem. And what you need to do is casually and plightfully and respectfully uh put them in a corner of their own So, they know why they're on the call, and they're probably there to be skeptical and poke around and and judge you and ask a thousand little weird questions. It's very important that you do two things. One, respect and love your customer. There's just people that are very analytical, and people are going to call them dicks and customers that behave this way. It's not the case. They're just super analytical, tedious people, and that's just what you're going to have to deal with when you're selling software B2B. So, just accept it. Love them anyways. Okay. Next thing, these people are not there to fight you. So don't take it as a fight, but you really have to make them like either accept they have a problem or there's no point to doing the call. No one's going to buy your software if they don't think there's a problem. There's an ROI there. So in this situation right here, if the person doesn't think they have a problem, uh I'd say, well, what what did you come on the call for? Like what are you hoping to solve? I I don't know. Well, what what would you like me to show you? And just keep going back and forth like asking them what what are they doing here? What do they want to see? And get that out of them. They might see something. Well, I think I might just want to see if we can improve our tracking. like, well, what's your goal to improve the tracking? Why do you want to improve your tracking? Like, where's it causing problems in the business? Where is there is there places where it's stopping you from scaling or wasting money? And you just need to keep going back and forth with the person until they admit that there's some problem related to the problem your software solves. Okay. Now, you can also brainstorm with them and be like, well, okay, a lot of times when we see like here's an example of of a problem we solve, you can see the huge gap in tracking right here. And the person might be very analytical at this point and ask tons of questions like all right well is this CPA dupa opus compliant uh how does this work? How's the tracking in the backend situation? Say for the sake of this call I'm not a tech person and I'm not a legal person. I'm not a so- and so person. We can have someone sit down with you and answer every single one of these questions later on. We can also get to this at the end of the call. I really want us to focus on what the problem is and see if we can actually solve this. Because if I sit here and explain all these problems right here, but then our software can't even fix your problem, we've just wasted 30 minutes of our time and I've wasted 30 minutes of your time. So, is it okay if we just kind of more so focus on the problem right here and we can get into the technicals later on? That's going to solve that issue and allow them to just put all those questions in the back end, which they don't even care about. And then when you get in the back end and you're closing, you can say, "Hey, we'll have someone technical sit down with you. If there's anything technically off to you later on, we'll just refund you all your money immediately." Okay, so this is how we're going to deal with all three of those issues right here. You're going to have the customer that openly thinks they have a problem, a customer that thinks they have a problem but can't describe the problem. You're going to help them describe it. And then you have a person who doesn't think they have a problem. And you have to get them to admit they have a problem. And then once they admit they have a problem, you didn't attach a dollar value to it just like you did before. So they say, "Okay, fine. I think I have a tracking issue." I say, "Okay, great. Let's let's look at some things in your account. How much are you spending every month? This and this." Like, "Well, do you do you ever log in and not see your your your ad stats and your sales lining up with what you see in your back end?" Yes. How much do you think that's stopping you from scale? How much do you think that's stopping you uh or making you waste? I don't know. 3 5%. I'm like three 2 3%. Are you are you sure? Because right here the Facebook tracking based on user results is off by 30 to 40%. Do you think it's only affecting you 2 3%. That's the last thing I would throw in there is we need to also make sure that they believe the problem is big enough. If a person comes onto a high-risisk tracking call or your call and they think this solution that you're providing is only going to give them a 1% bump, they're still not going to pay you for it. Okay? It needs to be something severe enough where they really see the dollar signs. So I like the 10 to 20% range. That's where you can really do very well. So then what we're going to do is we're going to show our SAS fixing the problem. So then what I do for Hyros, but you need to think about how to do this for yourself is the person says, "I have these problems." I say, "Okay, cool. So, we have a problem with scale and we have a problem with waste. Now, on the high-risisk calls, we also talked to them about how uh AI can optimize their audiences and their targeting and this automatically makes them more money from their ads as well. I'm not going to talk about that right here because these two examples are good enough in this situation. We don't need to go through every example of how high scales businesses. That's not why you're here. You need to understand what we're trying to do here. So, two examples right here will work. Okay? So, I say, look, we have a scale and a waste problem. Okay? So, let me show you a high sales a scale problem. I go into our ad tracking and I show how we go and actually show them the accurate data and then they're actually able to scale the ads that are working. I show them ads in their account that they would have not scaled if they didn't have proper tracking. So, for example, it only showed 10 sales and us breaking even right here, but the ad actually doubled our money if we tracked it properly. I say, look, this is issue number one right here. We're not scaling our best ads. Do you see this right here? That right there, do you think that would solve your your tracking issue in terms of scale? Do you think it would allow you to go and make up that 10 15%. Yes. Okay. So, if we applied this to your business, do you think you would make an extra 10% 15% from your ads? Yes. If they say no, I go, well, how much do you think it would actually grow your business? Or with this usual tracking gap right here, why don't you think it would allow you to scale the ads? Ping-pong back and forth until they finally admit it's going to grow and make them more money. Okay? You don't ever want to tell them. You have to have them say, "This is something I believe will add this amount to our business." Now, I know if you're watching this video right here, you might be thinking that like 50% of people are going to resist you. Most people that are on these calls, if you're straightforward and not being salesy and and creepy are just going to already know they have these issues, okay? And they're already shopping around. People don't hop on SAS demos to like figure out how to change their life or unlock some new key motivational aspect of themselves. They know they have the the problem, okay? So, all we're doing is attaching the problem they know they have to money. So, how much would you make more if you scaled? Usually, it's about 10%. Let's imagine the business is doing 200k a month. That's 20k a month right here. I do the same exact thing, but I show them next for waste where they have ads and it's over reporting or giving wrong numbers that they're scaling up and not making nearly as much money as the ad reporting is is reporting. This is a chronic issue in meta ads because it takes credit for way more sales than it should be. Okay. And I say, well, okay, if you fix this right here, you could actually turn off this ad, this ad, and this ad right here. That's about 15% of the ad spend your account. How much do you think this would actually save you? Okay. Okay, that usually we're going to go through the same exact pattern before. They're going to attach 10 to 15% from it. Okay, now again, I don't want you to get too attached to this 10 15% I'm talking about right here. It can be lower. So, for example, on the air calls at high, the amount that air usually grows a Shopify business or a SAS business, about 3 to 5%. But on air, all the person has to do is touch a button and they get 3 to 5% more calls or 3 to 5% more sales from the AI. So, it's a little bit easier of a pitch. We can say you're making 100K a month, this will make you an extra 5,000 a month. You press a button, it's $150 per month. That's the pitch that we have going on right there. So you have to understand there has to be effort attached to uh this number right here. So for example, air that's something you slap onto a business and it just increases their flat revenue. At Hyros, it's something they slap onto their business and it optimizes their business so their existing business makes more revenue. So it's not a new revenue stream, it's an improving existing revenue stream. If it's an existing revenue stream, it usually needs to be in the 5 10 15% range before they start paying attention. If it's in the free money new revenue stream like air, it needs to be in the 35% range. Okay, just keep that in mind. Now, also, if you're dealing with businesses that make a million dollars a month or enterprise business making, I don't know, even $10 million a month, the numbers can sway even more. If you only increase their business 3%. It's massive amounts of money. So, keep that in mind. You could just say, "All right, we don't make small businesses that much more by increasing their business by 3 to 5%, but we can take this product and apply it to an enterprise business and make them an extra $5 million per year. then we'll just build them 500,000 a year. See how that all works right there? So, at this point, what the customer has done has assigned a money value to their problem and then attached our software to solving the problem and basically saying, "Hey, our software will solve the problem and make them that much money in their business." And so, this is where it all comes together. So, if we have that 200k a month business, we walk them through, all right, you said it would save you x amount, you said it would allow you to scale x amount, the total amount we talked about is $40,000. would you? And there's a whole downell and pitch McGee thing you can do right here where we unveil the price and stuff. We don't really do that anymore. We just say, "Hey, look, this is going to make you 40,000 a month. It's based on your revenue right here. This is going to cost you about $600 a month." All right? Or $700,000. It just depends on their business model right here. So, you can see we're we're charging way way way less. I'm pretty sure we could increase this even more to like 5,000 a month depending on the business model and what we're offering. But regardless, I believe the business is doing about 200k a month at Hyros. And then based on these numbers right here, we're probably going to build them, I think, anywhere from $800 to $1,000 a month, somewhere around that. Anyways, you're seeing we're charging so much less than the actual money that it's making them. And then we just basically say, "Hey, do you want to sign up and do this?" They're going to say, "Yes, yes, please solve this problem. Put another $39,000 in profit from buying your product in my pocket." That's it. But now, what we need to do right here is first off, if the person's like, "Nope." in this situation, we have a big problem because you obviously haven't gotten the belief that your product will actually solve this problem or they still don't believe they have the problem, which means you've done step one and number two wrong. They if they're getting to this point right here and they're saying, "Nope, you haven't done part one and part number two wrong." So, it's important you go look back at your pitch, look at your calls, and say, "Why is the person not believing this right here?" And keep adjusting and keep adjusting until that lines up and you start seeing this problem go away. Now, at this point, once they say yes, there's all sorts of things that can happen like, "Okay, now I need to get to the decision maker. I need to show the right person. I need to do this, this, and that." I'm not going to talk about that so much in this video because that's just a case-by case basis. If they're having to go and get a decision maker, try to get the decision maker on an initial demo or just keep following up with them. This isn't like infoarketing where we have to high pressure them to buy. You're not going to get results like that in SAS and B2B because this isn't some person, you know, trying to figure out how to get their make money on the how to make money on the internet and you're like pressing them. That's this one time offer to get in and uh learn how to make money from you on the internet or something like you've seen the typical info marketer pitches. We can't hard pressure these people because the person you're pressuring usually is an employee at the business. So, they're not like going to lose their pants and be feeling massive scarcity and FOMO. their thing they want to do is be able to add something in their business that shows that they're making more money for the business for their employer. If it's the founder or the owner of the company, they're going to have the same exact exec. You're not going to punish them or scare them in the fomoing into your product. Okay? That's not how it works. There's also five competitors on the market probably if you have a big company that do a similar thing. You have to just truly convince them you have the better solution and they know this problem is out there now and you have to be willing to work with them and getting them to close on that. we can offer them maybe a little special discount if we can wrap it up this week or something like that. But just understand all the marketing and sales tactics and stuff that you know that works really well in high pressure sales where we're trying to sell something someone that they might that is more emotional of a sale. This is a purely logical sale and you've made the logical situation clear right here. Now what we need to do is present them with another logical situation that involves them giving us more money uh and but benefits them. So all we want to do at this point is they say yes. You say okay cool. How about also we assign a custom white glove team to you? Like you get your own one-to-one support reps. We will do or help you with the setup in any way you please and you will get this additional product and this additional product for free. In return for us investing so much in you and assigning the full team to you, all we need you to do is just you sign up annually up front. We'll give you a 20% discount as well. And what this is going to allow you to do is guarantee your setup works. It's going to save you money. You're going to have the best top support. We'll even walk you through and train you how to use the software so you make this money probably more based on our results. Again, look at all the results. You pay annually upfront and if for some reason this doesn't work out at any point in the next year or whatever, we'll just refund you all your money. Here's verification also that we have a crazy consistency with our refund guarantee. This isn't like some promised refund where we promise it and then don't refund you. You want your money back at any time. We don't keep it. The end. And so you offer that final assisted white glove extra value pitch discount as well to get them to sign up annually and get you more cash flow coming in. And then finally, if they don't want that, you can do two things. If you're new, you might just want to resist selling monthtomonth at all because you need that cash flow coming in. And you can only deal with customers that don't churn. You want every customer to stay, have the best possible experience possible, to not churn, and to be highly committed to using your software because it's all about getting that cash flow in and getting customers results and not losing customers on their own. So, you don't want to have mass customers coming in. You want instead of having 100 customers coming in, having 10 customers a month coming in that always stick and use the software and get results so you can get testimonials and snowball the business. Okay? You don't want 100 people coming in, only 10 getting results, and another 90 turnurning. It's not going to work well. the business won't grow. So, you might want to just say, "No, we only offer it annually up front because we like to guarantee those results." Okay? Sometimes customers fail to use the software properly or whatever, and we want to make sure you get those results. Again, we have that refund guarantee. There's no risk to you. If you have a bigger business and your goal is just a stack MR, you can just kind of downell to the the to the MR. At Hyros, we are going to most of the time make the customer do the annual upfront because it allows them to get much better results at Hyros and we want the person to be highly committed to using the software so we can actually get them results and the account grows when we make more money. That's been a huge secret at Hyros. But this pitch right here is an overview of everything I've done to grow the business from start to finish. Like I said before, it's exceptional at getting cash flowing. This is how you need to be selling SAS in a value logical based way, not an emotionalbased way. We're not selling someone their new dream car or a way to start their dream business or a way to lose weight and get fit and look good at the club and pick up women. We are selling them cold hard numbers. So we have to attach the value of our business to a problem they have which also has a number assigned to it. And the amount we sell them the business or sell them the software for has to be much much less than the cost that problem is costing them. So if their problem cost them $40,000 a month and we build them $1,000 2,000 $5,000 a month, it's a no-brainer for them. It's just trading money for more money. That's how you want to sell B2B software and that's why I love selling B2B software. The final thing I talked about before is we want to try and go for those annual subscriptions because then we can get cash flow coming in lower churn. So many more benefits to it. The only cost downside of annual subscriptions is the signup conversions are of course much less. But when the signups stay forever, the money works itself out. So this is our pitch. This is everything you should be doing. If you like videos like this, like, subscribe, and also right here, if you want to see how to design a product that will actually work for these pitches, here's how to design a product, product market fit. And then also right here is everything here. Here is everything you need to do to start a SAS business from zero all the way getting it to a million dollars per month. I know it sounds absolutely crazy, ridiculous, but there's actually a blueprint you can use to build things like this. Below this video is also a bunch of other training on how to build SAS companies. just a bunch of general things you can do that work really well for SAS companies as well as all over this channel. So, you should subscribe if you're building a SAS company because I've I've done it before and I kind of know what works. So, I'll see you in the next video. Bye.