Title: This AI Facebook Ad Targeting Set Up Is Printing Money ($30k A DAY?!)
Video ID: rk0Rwj_Yba4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk0Rwj_Yba4
================================================================================

So AI, video and image generation has changed literally everything. The cost for us to get a customer at Hyros and some of my other businesses has been cut in half by these workflows I'm going to show you in this video. Now, the last few videos I talked about making AI images and AI videos. If you want to see how to make the content for these videos, it's on the channel for free. I don't sell you here. Just go check out the videos. It's all check it out. What I'm going to show you right now is the testing and strategy that I use with these AI videos because right now this unlocks superpowers for anyone. I' I have an image generation company that I run on the site. It's one of my smaller businesses, but I've been on the cutting edge of creating images for ads and AI for uh almost a year and a half now. It hasn't really been applicable up until this point because you have to install stuff locally on a computer, train faces, train models, and even when you're using like really the cutting edge stuff, it's just not consistent with what you want to do with ads. So, it's just better to just paste one draw something. Absolutely not anymore. We've hit the singularity and any person who understands how to work these things consistently. You're an endless factory of good creative and content to use for ads. You can make 15 20 new top level creatives before your morning coffee every single day. It's nuts. And if you understand how to put the videos and it's just nuts. It's nuts. Go check out the other videos about that said. With great power comes great responsibility. And the thing is, you have to understand how to test these in your ad accounts and how to test new ads so rapidly and put these ads up and even use it to improve your existing ads. So, what I want to do in this video is show you the strategy we're using is really cut our cost to get customers down in half so that you can go do it as well. Um, why? Because on this channel, I don't have anything to sell you. I don't have some mastermind or some course to sell you. I just want you to use what I'm going to show you in these videos so that your ads money. And then when they start money, you're probably going to think to yourself, "Man, I'd like it if they more money and I could spend less while they could still money." And at that point, you're probably going to want to use my tracking company, Hyros. It's one of the largest tracking companies in the world right now. Our print tracking and AI when you put it on your Facebook ads, your Google ads, your whatever ads is going to show you 30, 40, 50% more sales that your ad track ad platform tracking is missing. When you use that data, you will run your ads so much better and make so much more money. It's insane. That's why thousands and thousands of people use Hyros. All the big names flashing across the screen. And if it doesn't increase your ad ROI by 15% at least, you don't pay for it. And we have thousands and thousands of customers. So, I can tell you straight face, the thing works and does everything I just talked about right here. So, you should come check it out the video because you'll make more money from your ads. It'll be night and day. But let's let's give you the chef's kiss content you came for. Let me show you this float that we're using that's really improving our ad. It's just it's nuts. Very excited about this. Let me show you. So, let me show you this pattern I've been following. And frankly, I think this is the best way to be testing ads in general in Facebook right now in 2025. I'm just using the AI catchphrase uh the clickbait you into this video to get you to watch. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. This is actually, in my opinion, the best way to be building your ad structures. If you're just a simpleton like me, there's some very complicated things you can do, but I am a stage five dumbass. This just straight up works. But also, with AI changing everything, we are having to test so much ad creative. And to do this correctly, we need a really simple process we can repeatably use over and over again to scale up our ads. So, let me show you how I do this and how we start on Facebook and then we grow it on Facebook and then we take it to Google Ads and then we take it to everywhere else. So, let me show you how this works. So, we're going to hop into my ad manager right here. So, I'm going to show you one super duper important thing right here. If you look right here and see the calls section right here and you look right here and see what Facebook caught right here, you can see the Hyru calls caught are just absolutely wildly not even anywhere close to what has been actually tracked by Hyru in this example right here. You can see for example, I was able to catch 76 calls here. And if we're looking at this result right here, it caught 35 calls on Facebook. What does this mean? Look, I don't want to sit here and show you hyros all video long. That's not my goal here. I want to show you this technique. I don't know how you're going to scale your ads properly if you're not tracking your sales, your revenue, your calls, your add to carts, everything properly. I don't know how you're going to do it. So, like step one of me doing this process right here is I have to see what calls are coming in. And I need to preferably see when I'm scaling my ads, which calls are generating revenue, which ones are generating long-term sales, which ones are converting, which ones are unqualified. if these are sales in general, if I'm running any other business, I have to see if the ad to carts convert. I don't know how you can run ads without tracking it. So, please after this video is done, if you are any level of serious ad runner, please stop by Harros, Tony Robbins, Alex Herozi, Cookfunnels.com, Playboy, Patrick Bet, David, Grant Cardone, Bodybuilding, everybody uses it. And if your ads don't scale and get the results I'm talking about in this video with it, you don't have to pay for it. Like, if your ads don't scale 15% using it, you don't have to pay for it. Seriously. So, please come check it out. video. Hyris is phenomenal. Use it. Now, look what we want to be doing is when it comes to AI test. I'm going to remove the the Hyris gadget right here just so we can see things a little bit more clearly. But you can see I'm able to test so many ads so fast. So, for example, on Facebook earlier, you should follow me there because where I kind of post a lot of my ad content if you want. Just Alex Becker Zero on Facebook. Don't follow my Twitter. Do not do not. That guy on Twitter has nothing to do with me. But anyways, I post on Facebook all a lot of my winning ads from last week. And so you can see all these ads I was able to generate really easily with AI really quickly. And the thing is each of these ads has like four or five different variants. So you can see like for example uh the Roids one right here. This one has um one where the bottle is smaller. Let me make sure you can see that correctly. You can. It has one where there's like the bottle's much bigger. This was actually the winning one. There's one where there's a body builder in it. There's one where it's white. And so you can see just how fast I can pump out ad creative. And so we need a way to test this very quickly. So you can see like for example with these ads, this guy busting in the door right here. I tested a whole bunch of different examples of them. All sorts of different stuff. We got got normal looking one. We got guy coming through with flames. Uh actually I did this these crazy news ones. You can see I got the guy coming through with flames. So you can just see how much creative I was able to test. literally last week. And so what I do every single morning is I just like wake up and I make four or five different creatives of like a different Joker comic and just chuck it up every single morning and I want to see which ones are going to be the winners. Now, here's how this is really effective and here's how we use it in two different ways. We want to use it with retargeting and we also want to use it with our main scalable ads. So, let me break down how I do this. It's actually really, really simple. So, first thing you really want to achieve inside your Facebook ads is you want to get a lot of conversions. Now, I've been running Hyros ads for years and so we have the the Hyru call conversion. Even with Facebook not tracking it correctly, we have thousands and thousands of calls that h that Facebook has tracked. So, we're able to give that to them. Now, what I'm going to suggest to you if you're just starting off or you don't have a lot of conversions, just set your conversion to a page that shows intent. So, for example, on the Hyros website, one thing that worked for me for a long time is I just set the conversion to be the call page. So if people navigated all the way to the call page, I just considered that a conversion and optimized Facebook around that. And then I'd also track the calls and as soon as we had enough calls, like 100, 200, that's when we flipped it over. Okay? So that's what you're going to want to do in that situation right there. Same thing would apply to e-commerce or anything else if you don't have enough sales. Of course, when you're working e-commerce, you usually stack up sales a little bit faster and able to do that. So, okay. So, what do we want to do? I'm just going to walk you through my exact process for one of my recent winning ads. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set the targeting to just pure good old-fashioned blank advantage plus audiences. I'm not I'm not doing any targeting whatsoever. You can see right here. All right. Um like none. Now, if your audience is based around specific genders, people, whatever, you can go in and set that right there. But once you have enough conversions, you can just let the audience plus run. It it's it's actually kind of groovy because you don't even have to think anymore. Now, what I suggest you do is you use audience plus audiences or advantage plus audiences, but try some of your best audience as well. Try a lookalike audience. Um maybe set the settings with like men only if you are in a specific business model or something like that. Of course, do that. But it's again, Facebook is going to pick up on those those attributes. But experiment with it. I tried every single way to get better results than the advantage plus. So, for example, I was doing a scaling campaign right here and I was doing it based on results page. Um, all sorts of different tests right here. And the ones that got the best results was, you can see here's one where I just did the Pure Advantage Plus. And then I Here's one where I just did a lookalike audience with our buyers in it. Okay? And so you can see that the one that just crushed it for us is Pure Advantage Plus. And so these are qualified calls that I track coming in um because of how our forms work and everything. So this is just printing money for us. Um at $250 a call at Hyros a call is like worth a,500 bucks to us, give or take, considering where it comes from. So this is just great for us. This is really good. Okay. But how am I going to go and test these new ads? How am I going to go import them into what's going on? So, I'm going to level with you right here. When I'm running these initial ads right here, I'm not really looking at the cost per call that's coming in right here. Now, you can see that sometimes we can get some really good results right here. So, this told me these ads right here were ready uh to be moved on up. Um this is a really good results. $214 per call. Really good. That being said, what I'm usually looking for right here, since these are new campaigns, just starting off, is I just want to see which ads are getting the clicks. I want to see which ones are coming through and then I'll just move them on over uh to the other one for testing. if I see some really good results. So, there's two ways you can go and test a lot of ads like this. So, what a lot of people like to do is they like to do one of these where they have a campaign where you go and you have all the adsets and campaigns compete against each other. I don't like this at all because you end up I don't know if you can see the reach over here. Let me slide this over for you. But you can see the reach only goes to one of the ads and so it just kills all the other ads. Now, that's not necessarily a bad thing, but for this testing, I'm trying to test a bunch of ads. And so, I don't I don't necessarily want just one ad to be ruling them all. So, what I do is I go and I just create a brand new ad set and I set it to advantage plus. And then I'm just going to put them in there. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at which ad performs the best out of these. And I'm just going to do about four or five of these every single week. So, print out four or five different ads every single morning and then see which one performs the best. Obviously, this one right here performed really, really well. Okay. So then what I'm going to do with these best performing ads is I'm going to do two things, okay, each week. So I don't have ad blindness. And this is really effective with retargeting, by the way, if you run a business like mine. Because for example, at Hyro, if you are in paid advertising, there's pretty good chance you've seen my ad. There's only probably maybe 50,000 100,000 people on planet Earth actively spending over 20 50,000 a month uh media buying. Okay? So, it's not particularly hard for me to reach every single potential user and customer with with my high-risisk ads. This is not the same if you're like selling deodorant via e-commerce ads. The world is full of stinky okay? There's billions of them. So, you could just run you could spend million dollars a day on Facebook and never reach all of them. Okay? So, a little bit different situation right here. I really have to worry about ad blindness in my niche. So, constantly having new ads up is very beneficial to me. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and find the ones that win in each category. So, that one won right there. Um, let's see. This one right here. This this this pilot one right here. This is a winning ad and this one. All right. So, this one won right here. And so on so forth. So, then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and take these over to my main scaling ads right here. Okay. And so, you can see what I do is I just like to make one giant pure advantage plus. I tried being creative and doing all the technical stuff. it doesn't work anymore. All right, the actually this visits one might have a little bit of potential right here. Um, and this one right here actually did pretty damn good, but I think it kind of fell apart later on. So, I might actually want to come back and play with this audience right here. And so, I'm just going to show you this audience right here that's been working well for us. This one right here is just a list of buyers and customers from the past few years. So, this one I think started outperforming once we started breaking into a larger higher scale. Anyways, coming down to these ads right here. So then what I'm going to do with these ads this week is I'm going to go in and I'm going to try and kill my top ads. So I like to keep my four best ads running. Okay. Now what you can also consider doing is what I suggest doing is also creating an image only test of this. Okay. So for me right now video ads are doing very very well. But what I'm about to do is create a same audience like this but it's going to be images only. Okay. And see how that performs. But what I'm going to try and do is I'm going to go and import these images into this and I'm going to put all four of them in there and I'm going to try and kill it down to the best four and then just repeat that every single week. And so that works really, really, really well with the ad testing. And so this is how we've gotten a really good mix of ads. They're all performing really well and getting us a really good cost per call. Now, here's the even more creative part. What I'm going to then do also is I'm going to go over here and move on to a retargeting because if if you're running a business like mine and any business really retargeting is absolutely clutch key where you're going to be really for my business doing a lot of damage in terms of awareness because what I want to do you have to understand how I run my ads is I want to get an ad buyer to my site any way possible with the main ads and then I want to constantly be reminding them that Hyros exists. Why? So with my business model, my entire goal is to be like Geico because if you run advertising, I mean, for example, if you just go look at the campaigns right here, if you run paid advertising and you're not using tracking, you just literally are not seeing accurate data coming into your business. Like it's it's so infinitely off on Google and Facebook ads, like it's not you're not you're not running realistic ads if you're not using some type of tracking like Chyros. So, I know that when people run media buying campaigns or whatever, eventually, as soon as they're making any bit of money, they're going to need tracking. So, what I want to do is I want to constantly be slamming them over the head with retargeting ads. Okay? And so, you might not see the calls coming in right here, but I know these things are doing the business because, well, we ask a lot of people when they come in through our calls. And again, a lot of our traffic from Hyros comes in organically, but the way people are discovering it is from these ads. And so what is happening, people is clicking these initial ads, these first ones over there, and they're booking their calls or whatnot, but then eventually we're going to hammer them over the head with these ads right here. And so what I really want to do is I want them to see the most memorable ads and then get hit over and over and over again with them. Okay? So this is something you should consider doing with your business, especially if you're like in software or something else. You always want to be on the customer's mind. So what I like to do is I go and take the best ads every single week and I put the best one. You can see I have the best one right here. the best one right here, the best one right here, and I go and I put them all in there just at very small daily ad spins because again, we only get about maybe 30, 40,000 visitors a month to the higher site. It's not a lot. It doesn't take me very much money to reach all of them. Okay, so I can go right here and be reaching a couple thousand people every single day. If I wanted to push it a little bit further, I could. But what I want to do is I want them to constantly be seeing new ads, okay? because they're I don't want them to get ad blindness to our other retargeting ads, which they see all the time. They see all the time. So, I want to constantly every single day I want to be delivering them a new chuckle or some new type of image ad that they're going to see. Okay? And so, that's how I like to run those when it comes to retargeting ads. Of course, you can see that we have some of our other retargeting ads and everything else running right here, the more long scale ones, but I like to keep hitting them with new ads every single week. So, this is something you can do for cold audiences with your retargeting audiences. Now, one other thing I'm going to show you is as soon as I see that we do have a winning ad, so for example, this this ad right here, the steroid ad that I showed you earlier on was doing very, very well. All I'm going to do is when I see a winning ad that wins not only in the cold audiences but in retargeting and it its main clips, I'm going to go and I'm going to generate the ad in different formats and I'm going to pump this baby to all the other ad networks. So on GDN, I'm going to go over here, hop over to GDN and pow, pop over this advertisement to GDN and start running it here as well. So you can see I I have tons of different formats for it. And so that's one thing I suggest you do. We're going to go and test all of our image ads on Facebook. And then GDN is really, really, really good right now if you're experimenting with it. And if you take your best image ads, which for example, YouTube is just terrible right now for B2B at least. But image ads on GDN doesn't have the same problem that YouTube has, which I believe the problem of YouTube is everybody has uh YouTube plus now that makes over $10 a year because no one's going to watch ads on that platform. like 45 seconds to watch a a clip of Taylor Swift petting a cat. No, I'm not going to do that. So, image ads uh I think are doing very very well in GDN right now. Search ads are doing very very well because you don't have that same ad blindness problem and very few businesses actually run GDN ads competently. So, you can really retarget your customers with these new ads the same way I described it in this video. So, that's the process I'm using for testing on these AI ads that we've been talking about the last week or so on the channel. I'll probably talk about GDN and some other stuff here in the next video when we're talking about AI ads and scaling these up. That's kind of where the real secret sauce is at the moment. But, uh, I'm not going to do that in this video because I want you to watch the next video and then maybe maybe check out Hyros after this and stop losing all sorts of money on your ads. So, that being said, I'll see you in the next video. Goodbye.