Title: This is why becoming rich will ruin your life
Video ID: 297RsRWOfIQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=297RsRWOfIQ
================================================================================

So look little buddy. If you have any ambition to become successful or you're already successful, I beg you, please give me 10 minutes to watch this video because I am going to save you decades of depression, decades of problems. Look, one of the best ways to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your life is to become rich. I can tell you this because I've built a net worth north of $200 million and I've interacted with countless men who've made seven figures, eight figures, nine figures, even a couple of made 10 figures, billionaires. And I've watched all sorts of chaos arise from the chronic unhappiness that comes from making money. and all these silly, goofy, weird problems that appear once you make money. And the problem is when most men make money, they make money for a certain reason and it leaves them in a dark, soulless place that makes them much worse off than when they were poor. And then on top of this, there's all these problems that pop up that if you're not looking for, they come and then they cling on to you like a parasite that you can't get rid of. And so what ends up happening is you end up more depressed than you were before, unhappy, but then you have all these problems that are also going to stress you out and drain you. And this is guaranteed going to happen to you. And if you're already successful, this might already be happening to you. There's going to be points where you're looking back and you're going to be thinking, "Oh, wow. Maybe I was more happy when I was poor. Maybe money is the source of unhappiness." This isn't true. It's not understanding why you're making money and the emotions and why you're feeling a certain way after you make money. And it's also just not seeing these problems coming that most men run into. Money is not going to make you extremely happy. It's also not going to make you incredibly depressed. What's going to make you incredibly depressed once you make money, is lack of understanding of all the things that come with making money and what the money is going to do to you. And for example, when I was in my college years, I never went to college, but I got out of the military broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and partied in college towns. And I would look back and say, "Wow, I was much happier at that point in my life." Maybe the secret to being happy is just being broke. That that's not the truth. The secret is understanding what life is all about. And if you don't understand this, you're going to end up more miserable. And in many cases, this is going to drive you to all sorts of problems that will send you back to being broke. And there's only one thing worse than being broke. It's being broke after being rich and still having to deal with all the problems that came from when you were rich in the deep shame of being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So please, I beg you, give me 10 minutes. This is going to save your life. If you're trying to become successful right now, or if you're already successful and you're starting to go down this little spiral that a lot of men go down, this is going to fix everything because not only am I rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right now, I'm also pretty damn happy all the time, or at least consistently good. I'm not sitting around moping and I don't sit around looking for purpose and drive in my life and wondering why I'm not happy after making oodles of big bags of bucks. So, let's discuss these things. And by things, there's actually five things you have to look out for. If you get these all done, you nail these all out, you're going to be good no matter what. and you're not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your life when you make some money. So now let's discuss. So there's five ways like I just said that's going to mess up your life. And a lot of these come from lack of identity and ego which I cannot spell. So I'm just going to draw this this hoopla up here. It actually all comes down mostly to lack of identity and blah blah and misunderstanding why you're making money in the first place. So let's talk about problem number one. And this is what I like to call the end of Zelda concept, beating the game concept. So, if you want to know what making money is like, making tons of money is like, if you don't understand why you're making money, and why you're building businesses in the first place, it's like this. If you ever played a video game, which I assume you have cuz you're a giant dork watching this channel who's 5'2 with a neck beard, that's exclusively what my audience is. What making a lot of money is like originally, if you don't understand why you're making the money or why you're building businesses, is it's like beating a video game. So, I learned this one time when I was playing Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and it was so much fun. I got like 100 hours in the game. It was super duper fun. I got all the things. It was super enjoyable. And then I got 100 hours in. I beat everything. I got the motorcycle. I had all the weapons and everything. And then I just drove around the planes in Breath of the Wild aimlessly, really bored with nothing to do. It was just like, okay, this world that was suddenly so happy and full of life and and and ventureful to me is now boring. I have no purpose. And I kept driving around wanting to refine that purpose and refine that reason for playing the game. And I didn't. But I still drove around and did aimless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for like an hour or two hoping it would come back. And eventually I was just like, "Well, it's all gone now." And so there's no purpose to this game. There's no purpose to anything I could do in this game. And then I turned it off. This is the experience you're going to have with making money and business. Because the reason why people make money is they think they're going to s find some fulfillment. And it's just like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Zelda game. It's so much fun. You're getting excited from all these numbers and suddenly at one point you're making enough money that you no longer get excited about the money that you're making. So, for example, when I had my first $1,000 day way back when or my first $50,000 a month, it was euphoria. Now, I don't even feel anything if I make under $50,000 a day. In fact, if I don't make a couple million in a week, I don't really like even it doesn't even register with me. Now, that might sound spoiled and greedy and all sorts of stuff like that, but you're going to understand it here in a second. It's just because what happens, just like in a video game, is once you achieve certain goals, they no longer are going to give you huge euphoric boost. more so if your goal and the reason for making money is simply making the money. Once you make the money, guess what? It's going to be just like that Zelda analogy I gave you. Okay? It's going to be just like that. You're going to have so much fun going towards this goal, which is at one point the money, and then you're going to get to the point where you have the money, and you're going to be like, "Well, I guess the next goal is to make more money." And then you'll go make more money. And then it's like, "Okay, well then the next goal is to make more money." And eventually you're going to get to the point where you're like, "What's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] point of all this? I can buy everything I want." and then suddenly you're driving around the planes on your little motorcycle in Zelda wondering why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're even doing this and you're just considering like turning off the game. I'm not saying commit suicide or something like that. I'm just saying you're going to be super bored and that really fun sense of fulfillment that you had the entire way through is going to be gone and now this is the thing that's actually making you happy, not the actual goal. Getting the motorcycle and the master sword in Zelda is not where the happiness comes from. It's pursuing getting those things. Also, in this video we're talking a lot about what happens when you make the money. But if you want to actually get into the making of the money parts, I have a sweet mastermind. I want I'm just kidding. I don't have anything to sell you. What I will give you is all the courses and everything I used to make. It's about $20,000 worth of courses. I no longer sell them because it's way more profitable for me to just build businesses and tech companies. But I will give them to you for free if you subscribe and then once a month in my community tab. I post a link to all the courses where you can get them for free. You have to be subscribed or you won't see this community post. It's as simple as that. Subscribe, watch this channel, you'll see the community post. Go pick up all the courses. It's that easy. But you have to be subscribed. So, do that right now. Also, leave a like because why not? The first thing you need to do when it comes to making money is yes, make your goal, paying your rent, and getting your life needs covered, paying for your family, all that stuff, being able to live without stress. But secondly, you need to understand that all your happiness is going to come from playing the game. So, you might as well focus on playing the game. You'll notice that people that actually don't make much money from their businesses, but they're growing their business a lot. For example, you've probably seen a lot of tech founders, they take no profits from their company or they live pretty frugally or they pay themselves very little. For example, like I have a friend whose company's worth a billion dollars, but he pays himself a million, $2 million per year. He could easily cash flow the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and pay himself like $50 million per year if he wanted to. And yes, he makes all of his money from his stock. But the reason why he's having so much fun he's fulfilled is because he likes building the bigger thing. He's enjoying playing the game. If you're playing the game for money, eventually you're going to get the money and then you're not going to enjoy the game. So, understand that first. The Zelda analogy is everything. This is why people can play online multiplayer games because it's an infinite game. So, seek businesses that you once you have enough money, seek businesses you really enjoy working on, the path you enjoy and create infinite games out of the business that you can play forever and you enjoy playing because of ultimately the business is just a game there to entertain you. you're going to get to the point where the financial needs are covered and making more and more money is not really going to trigger some sense of fulfillment and you're going to be stuck playing games that you don't actually like to play or reach a goal that you don't really enjoy or get any long-term value from just like those goals in Zelda that I mentioned. Now, tying into this, this is 1.5 before I move to the next one. You're going to start pursuing replacement highs. And this is where a lot of danger comes from with young men. What they do is because they don't obsess over the game, they don't get fulfillment from the game itself. They get fulfillment from the money or that's where they think they're supposed to be getting fulfillment from. When they stop getting fulfillment for the money, they start trying to use the money to gain fulfillment. So, this is why you see people buying cars and fancy things because they think they're going to get some type of fulfillment from these objects. They start partying. They start trying to increase their social value. all these things because they're no longer getting enjoyment from playing Zelda. So, it's be like imagine you were stuck in Zelda. You got all the things and then suddenly you had like nothing to do in the game. So, suddenly you start like killing all the towns in the game and lighting stuff on fire and like making Link jump off buildings and doing all sorts of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to like try and get some new life out of the game. This is the same thing other people are doing. And so one thing you need to look for once you make some money is when you start getting bored and you start trying to replace the game that you were enjoying so much with dopamine driven highs. Now look, I have a nice car mostly to get attention on this YouTube channel. But don't get me wrong, I enjoy spending money. I enjoy nice things. I enjoy living in a big house and so on and so forth. I deeply understand at this point in my life that none of this is going to make me happy. I've lived at one point when I was building my business, still making good money in a empty apartment with just a bed, a desk, and a computer. And I was very happy. So, I ultimately know that nothing that I buy or do is going to bring me any type of success or joy. And it's okay to do nice things and have nice things as long as you understand that. It's all pointless. Like, you're not going to get the car and be good. It's just not how it works. It's not like I buy a Lamborghini and suddenly life seems happier and brighter. No, it's going to be the opposite if you're trying to find it in those things because you just can't. It's not that there isn't like some moral soap box you have to get on or it's like about fulfilling your soul or anything like that. It's just you can't get long-term happiness or any type of happiness from objects or houses or things. You you just simply can't. It's not there. And so if you try to, you're going to be again like it's like you go and pursue getting another master sword in Zelda. You're going to end up in the same spot you were before. Now, the things that start to get really nasty about this too is if you're not playing the game for a joy, you start having this defensible thing tied to your ego, which is your money. And then you start adding objects to it as well, which gives you again something even worse than you were before, which is fear of loss. See, when you were broke, you didn't have fear of loss. But now, as you do, oh, you're kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Which is why when I talk about living in a one-bedroom apartment with just a bed and a studio is good cuz you realize that you don't need any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whatsoever. Like, as long as you can play the game, you're going to be happy. Some of my happiest times are just sitting in an empty empty apartment with just a desk coding video games that didn't make me any money. So, I ultimately know that if even if I lost everything, like it doesn't really matter. And this makes it so you can actually play the game and enjoy it a lot more cuz you're no longer afraid of losing the game. And look, I'm not saying you need to go out there and take massive risks that could ruin your life or uh be gambling with your life savings every single day cuz you no longer care about loss. I'm just saying that when you stop operating from a point of fear, you're going to like pursue greater feats in your business and try to play the game in a more enjoyable way because the point is really just the game. So, for example, when I was building Hyros, which is a business I have that's valued at hundreds of millions of dollars right now, or any of my other tech companies, when I built it from that apartment, it's not that the apartment or doing this is the key to anything. But I just realized that like, hey, all the happiness comes from building this thing. So, let's just like double down and not really invest in my lifestyle and just go and focus on this thing. And now, even to this day, like I don't need to invest in my lifestyle and I don't really care if I lose the lifestyle. And also my lifestyle is kept extremely low because I'm not pursuing adding to it as some important thing in my life. It might seem like I have a lot right now, but I'd really spend about 10% of what I make and investing in the business and playing the game is easily always the priority. That said, coming back to the main point right here, you end up with this huge fear of loss and this little devil that's going to make you sad and make you feel very unimportant whenever your money-making goes down or anything like that. This is a little nasty bugger that if you aren't aware of it is going to drive you to do insane things and become very money clingy which is going to end up destroying your business and making it worse. For example, in my first businesses when I got to $100,000 a month, my main goal in life was to never go back to $20,000 per month. And therefore, I did everything I could to cash flow and maximize those businesses versus grow them because I was afraid of going backwards. You also end up then killing your business because if you're complacent or you try to stay in the same place in business, you end up slowly going backwards always. This is the second thing that really messes you up. The solution to it again is just understanding you're not going to get happiness from the money or any of the things. So, you don't really have to be afraid of losing them. Just just do things and don't ever put yourself in the position where you're going to end up stressed out due the money. A lot of guys make this mistake and it ends up really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with their head and and locking them down for years. Now, number three is a nasty one, which is complacency. See, if you're not playing the game to play the game, as soon as you make enough money from the game, you're going to not want to play the game, and you're going to get complacent. And so, suddenly, that really remarkable person that you knew that was working all the time and ambitious and reading books and trying to do things, you just stop doing all of it because you're not playing the game for joy anymore. And what results is a person, you're going to see all these bad habits pop up. You get back in the video games, partying, drinking, uh just wasting your time away. You're going to get complacent, especially in your business. You're also going to get to the point where you start ignoring your business because you're not playing the business for fun anymore. You have the money from the business. And so you're going on vacations, you're going and chasing chicks or doing whatever you're doing. This is complacency. And so what it ultimately ends up doing is killing you because all the things that made you great, you put aside because you're not getting joy from the business. And the reason why you did all those great things was the joy you were getting from the business or building the businesses in the first place. So what you need to look out for is complacency. So for example, right now I'm making more money than ever. Our business is growing faster than ever. It's it's it's wild how much money is coming in right now. I'm pissed off because I want the business to be much higher. I want to be an all-time great SAS entrepreneur. I don't really care about like I don't there's nothing left for me to buy. But it could be very easy for me to come complacent right now and just travel around and and be drinking going on vacation and buying scrabbiest blabbish things and not working on the business and it would eventually kill the business because SAS especially the level I am at is very very competitive and someone else wants that cookie. In the past I get very complacent with businesses because I was doing it for money and then I had the money and then I would just like find ways to keep the business still going while just focusing on making the money. It's no way to live. it's going to kill your business and kill the thing that's making money in the first place and it's not going to bring any happiness. So, just recognize this right here and you have to get to the point where you're playing the game for fun and not playing the game purely for money or you're going to get complacent right now because my identity isn't really attached to the money I make or anything like that. I'm playing the game because I want to be an all-time great at it. That's literally the point. And so, I'm not complacent because I look at the business and say, "Does this make me an all-time great?" No, absolutely does not. I'm absolutely a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobody when it comes to SAS and tech. having a business making mid to high eight figures a year isn't really that impressive when you see all these little AI companies popping up making hund00 million a year in their first year scaling to billion dollar valuations. I that I I want to do much better than I currently am and I do it for joy and fun and playing the game. You have to get at that point right there or you're going to get complacent. You're going to kill everything that made you great in the first place and brought you joy and kill the thing that's paying for all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's paying for your life. So, it's just a triple whammy right here and this messes up a lot of dudes. The fourth that really gets dudes is the problems it brings into your life. A lot of people say fake friends and fake women and and debt and it's all actually true. So look, it's not like the entire world wants to vampire off you as soon as you get rich. It's the fact that you almost want to vampire off the rest of the world because you're really bored. Okay? And what's going to happen is you're going to probably pursue a lot of things that you were lacking before. For example, when you get rich, you're probably going to want women. You're probably going to want social status. You're probably going to want these things right here. And the problem is you can definitely go and actually achieve these things if you do it from a place of identity security. Okay? So, if like if you like girls, great. But you're not going to go and get tricked into stuff by bad women if you're not desperate for women. If you want friends and social status, great. You go out there and work and you build a really healthy social status circle where you're actually doing it from a point of enjoyment of the people and not desperation to be liked. And it's a very very subtle coin flip. There's there's very little there's this blurry line between wanting to be liked because you're desperate to be liked and wanting to go out there and just build social status and truly enjoy people. It's very difficult to address when you first get into it. And so what you see most guys do is they end up with bad women. Women will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ruin you faster than anything else. They end up with bad friends or even worse people that want to take advantage of you. I can't tell you how many times if you make millions and millions of dollars, you start going out with people. There's a lot of people that will film you when you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up or something like that. I've seen so many rich dudes I know, they get in with bad women who get some leverage on them. They get in with bad friends who get some leverage on them. They rack up a ton of debt and a lifestyle and a social status is all based around spending money. And then suddenly they end up complacent. They have all these people trying to take advantage of them and they have all this debt and crazy stuff weighing them down. And then suddenly they don't even have the choice to play the game out of love anymore. They have to make money from this business. They end up doing all sorts of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sure you've seen lots of influencers and koss who got in all sorts of financial trouble they didn't have to because they built this huge lifestyle of being famous and and living this luxury lifestyle and they have all these fake friends and all these fake women and all this fake stuff around them and then suddenly they have to like do and do all sorts of weird stuff to sustain it because they're going to go in debt and lose all it and then they're operating from a place of fear number two. So what you need to understand is when you make some money it's not that you have to go and be some humble [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You just have to really get your head straight and make friends for the right reasons and pursue women for the right reasons and actually just the really comes down to holding value in yourself and believing you're a valuable person period. And then you're not going to go out of your way and open yourself up to stupid people. And you can need to take two seconds to look at people around you and think about why they're really there and what their goals are and what could be the worst case scenario with these people. You need to be a little bit wiser about that. And then you need to keep your lifestyle super duper low compared to how much you make so that you never end up in trouble in the first place and you end up stuck in this big bubble bath of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's not that you have to go around the world being skeptical and fearful, but you need to think that you have something that people want and if they're bad people, they're going to find ways to find leverage on you and stuff like that. I luckily have not had these problems, but I have so many friends and stuff like that who have had this. And the real solution to all these things is really just getting yourself straight because then you're not going to go and put yourself in stupid positions with stupid people because you don't need the people in the first place. So look out for this. Now number five, the final bad one. The final bad thing that's really kind of inevitable is you're probably going to lose friends when you get rich. One, because you're going to work more than everybody else. Two, because your priorities are going to be different. Okay? Some people they they get out of college, they want to get married and have kids, and then they want to hang out with their kids. That's fine. I'm not here to tell anybody what type of life they should have. There's no such thing as a good or a bad lived life. We all just die and none of it matters and we forget everything we ever knew. So, it's all just kind of irrelevant. You can define whatever you want your life to be. That's not what this video is about. The thing is that 90% of the people that you know in your 20s are going to have different priorities than you. Even if you guys do stay in touch, you're going to have a different life than they do. So, for example, I'm just going to be straight. There's a lot of things I like to do with my wife and go travel. A lot of my friends growing up, they just can't come do these things. going and traveling or going places or or doing a lot of the experiences I want to do. It's just not approachable for normal people. And so if I want to go and take vacations with a lot of people I knew growing up, I usually have to cover a lot of it, which is fine in some instances. But a lot of times, a lot of people are not as lucky as I am to have some of those deeper connections and whatnot. But at the same time, you have to realize you're going to have to work extra hard to stay in contact with people you grew up with because they just have different priorities. They're not going to be able to do the same things as you. They're not going to want to work as much as you. They're not going to really understand the things and why you're doing because it's not their priority. They're not going to want to talk about these things with you. And when you want to go and do things that cost a little bit of money and stuff like that, people are not going to be there to do it for you unless you pay for all of it. You put all these things together, you're probably going to need to start looking for friends that have the same interest and want to live the same type of life that you do. I'm not saying anyone's better or worse, but there's you want to do certain things, you're probably going to want to do it with people that share the same values in you and are able to keep up with you. That's usually going to result in you losing a lot of friends and having to actively go out there like a weirdo and pursue making friends with people. You're gonna have to actually find dudes on the internet who are into the same things you are and living the type of same life that you are and you say, "Hey, do you want to be friends?" And you have to put effort into making friends with people or it's just not really going to work out. Or you're just going to be super duper lonely because that's just the case of all these things I talked about right here. You're not going to get along and you're not going to be able to completely relate and do stuff with people that want to work a 9 to-ive job and just raise their kids and hang out at home and watch sports. That's just not some. You're not going to be able to be friends with these people or you will be able to maintain friendships if you really try at it. But again, you're going to be very lonely because this is not you. So, you're going to have to find new people that are more like you. And that's just what it is. And it kind of sucks losing friends and changing that or like not being able to invest in the same relationships, but that's just what it is. You can either be lonely as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and chasing a bunch of people that you don't relate to and cannot keep up with you in life or you can go and actually find people that relate to you and can do the things you want and you're not constantly having to bring yourself down. And I'm not saying bring yourself down in a value way. I'm not saying that anybody that has any type of lifestyle is more valued than other. But you're going to have to bring yourself to another level that you're not at to relate to other people at their levels. You need to just find people that are at your level or where you want to be at in life. And so that my little friend, my little padawan, are the things you need to look out for. There's other things that are going to happen, but if you nail those five things right here and you're prepared for them, it's going to save you all sorts of turmoil. You're not going to end up in that weird Zelda situation I talked about in your life. You're not going to end up in tons of weird situations due to your fear and lack of identity and people you bring yourself around. You're not going to be looking and wondering why you're lonely because you can understand, hey, you know, maybe I need to go find people. If if you're a professional black belt in jiu-jitsu and that's everything you do all day, you probably are not going to relate to people that don't do any form of self-defense and don't work out and exercise. Okay? Same thing right there. Same thing with business. Okay? So, if you do these things right here and you understand that, you're going to be fulfilled the entire way through because you're playing life for joy. You're playing business for joy, which is ultimately the point you want to get to. And it's not hard to get to that. You get to 50,000 a month, you're financially freeish. You can play the game for fun and you're not going to end up getting complacent. You're not going to end up operating out of fear. You're not going to end up putting yourself in all sorts of chaotic traps that most people put themselves in and you're not going to be lonely all the time. And if you are just a super introvert like me, you're not going to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you understand why. So that's it, gentlemen. That's the video. Don't do these five things. It will save your life. Now, that also being said, if you're interested in the actual making money part, I give away all my old courses, like $20,000 worth of courses. I don't sell these anymore because it's not profitable enough. It's better for me to make tech companies, but I'll give you the courses if you subscribe to this channel. And then once a month in my community tab, I make a post giving away all my other courses, copywriting, sales, advertising, how I run my ads, how I build all my funnels, everything. I give these all away. But you have to be subscribed or you won't see that post once a month in the community tab. So, subscribe and I'll see you in the next