Title: Why Having A "Personal Brand" Will Ruin Your Life
Video ID: GVJyGHEW1WM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVJyGHEW1WM
================================================================================

gentlemen and two women that watch this channel. As the number one business advice guy on the internet, I have to give you one piece of advice. Don't ever become an influencer. Just just don't do it. It is the worst way to make money in the history of making money. And almost without exception, every single influencer ends up broke, poor, frustrated, and in this weird purgatory like hell that's mixed between being a aging Miami stripper and an very underpaid plantation worker who cannot get off the plantation, cannot keep working, or their income will go to zero. It is terrible, but many people don't see this because it all kind of goes on behind the scenes. And this is why so many people 2025, they're whipping out their phones. All the kids want to be YouTubers. Everyone wants to be an influencer because they think it's a way to get rich fast. And the truth is, yes, it is. It's also a way to make sure you're poor for the rest of your life and just ruin everything and hate your life. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through how that happens and show you the one caveat, the one way to actually transition this, make influencing work so you don't end up in hell. Because that's where most influencers, most of the people you see online chuck in their supplements, chucking their courses, becoming really big for a period of time. This has happened to all of them. We've even seen it happen literally in the last four or five years to most influencers, even the biggest ones possible. The bigger you get, the worse this impacts your life and the more poor this makes you eventually. And I'm qualified to tell you this because I was going down this path in my 20s. I saw this and said, "Fuck no, no more." I stopped doing it and I built the type of businesses I'm going to talk about in this video that you should be transitioning to if you ever get into the influencing thing. And that allowed me to build a near multi-figure net worth without having to make videos, without having to shake my ass on the internet. And right now, I make videos and I make content in a very specific way to make sure I never end up in this hellhole that most influencers end up in. So, if you're considering doing this in 2025, I think I've laid out the scary warning enough to catch your interest. Let's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk about this. So, first off, when I talk about influencing here, I'm talking about people that go and get normal famous on internet, then have to sell courses, have to sell cosmetics, have to sell any type of product, that type of influencer. Look, if you want to go shake your ass on only Only Fans, become an Only Fans guy, or if you're one of the two girls watching this channel, only fans go, I think we all understand that's a bad idea. Naturally has consequences later on life. So, I'm not going to touch on that. You got my full support. Go ahead. If you're a talentless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the only way you can make money is taking off your clothes and showing your tits or your acornsized dick. I know some chicks are into that. I fully support it. Make the money however you got to make it. That said, I want to talk about the more normal type of influencer. So, the reason why everybody wants to be an influencer is you see everybody get into influencing and then they blow up and then they get rich by doing nothing. So, for example, you see all sorts of examples of people like Libert for example back making tons of money. You saw for a period of time Logan Paul converted his fame into prime and it supposedly was almost worth like a billion dollars. I think you saw like Dan Lock a few years ago just slinging courses making a ton of money. Now he's completely disappeared. There was Jeffree Star another really good example super famous in skincare and stuff like that making like 1520 million launches of a skincare product then completely gone. And I can really count on one finger like I think Mr. beast and maybe I I can't name any other influencers off the top of my head that have started in the last 10 years, built a company or product. The product is now super extremely successful, kept going, and their career is still going in a nice comfy way. I can't name anybody like that. And I'm not talking about mainstream celebrities. I'm not talking about celebrity, the Kardashians or something like that. That's a whole different other thing. The YouTube social media influencers, what I'm referencing here, because they don't have the advantage that celebrities have, which I'll get to in this video. So, what am I trying to point out here? Every single person you see who goes and gets big on the internet and then makes their money from being big on the internet, eventually this terrible, terrible thing happens to every single one of them. And if you don't see this coming and you try to start a personal brand, you try to get into influencing, it's going to happen to you. And you need to know about it because it sucks. It doesn't matter what level of influencing you get to. This happens to everybody. And the bigger you get, the more dangerous it actually becomes cuz you you get so addicted to this hype train right here that's going on that you're going to get caught by it completely blindsided unless you're abundantly aware of it and you're building your business the right way. So without further ado, let me explain this phenomenon that happens exclusively to social media influencers. It ends up putting them into purgatory social media influencer hell. So, what happens is you get on the internet and a lot of people start watching your videos, especially if you're a hit upfront and you start building up this huge following of people and they're willing to buy basically whatever you sell. If you get big enough on the internet, you get big enough on, you can sell literally a carbon copy of anything else that's working on the market and they will just buy it all up. They'll buy tons and tons and tons and tons of it. Really good example of this was like Logan Paul's Prime. He just launched that billion dollar valuation company. Absolutely exploding. But every part of your business and every part of your brand and every part of your products is not based on value. And this puts you in a really dangerous situation because I want you to think about products that you use every day in your life. All the software that you use, all the the food products or cosmetics or supplements or anything you have around you that you consistently buy over and over again, it's all based around value. You probably didn't have an influencer tell you to buy these things. You probably didn't even see an ad for them. you probably just kept buying them because you like the product and the value you get from it. For example, I love chameleon cold brew coffee. I drink a lot of these things every single day. For all you people that know I got off caffeine, this is this device that I have. Uppers are just my thing if you can't tell in the videos, but I keep the uppers of that. I only do cocaine, a little bit of X before like every other fourth video if I'm sleepy or something like that. I keep it mostly clean with the caffeine. Pinky promise. But look, how many influencer coffees or how many influencer drinks have you seen come and go in the past couple years? How many people have you seen come out to the scene, get really famous, like everybody's raving and raving about about them, they start selling courses and everybody's buying them all up and then they just kind of disappear and slowly people stop watching their videos. For example, like Andrew Tate four years ago, millions of views every single video. I don't even really know what they're doing anymore. This isn't like a a plug or anything on that. Maybe they're doing fine. I don't know. I'm just saying that what happens in social media is when you are selling products that are basically commoditized and don't really have a particular value other than your brand to them. The only thing that's actually fueling your brand is hype. And the only way you can actually make money is extracting from your followers. This is how you spell extracting in Cllingon, by the way. This that's what the con the handwriting is. So this becomes very very nasty up to a point and you won't spot it until it happens. See what's going on right here is your business model is based around two things that are very hard to sustain. Hype and then sustaining hype while also extracting at the same time. Now, I'm not saying that every social media influencer is a scammer or anything like that. But when your your entire product is based around these things right here, this is what's pumping it up. For example, I don't think Prime Energy Drink is a scam at all. I just think it's it's a pretty average product in a completely commoditized saturated market of energy drinks. And so when your product is completely backed up and based on this, your business becomes doomed because these things are impossible to sustain. Okay? The only thing that really keeps people buying long term is going to be value. You can be the most famous person on planet Earth. If your product doesn't have the value or it's commoditized, basically when your hype starts to go down or starts to wear off, the value isn't there to sustain it and then you just eventually lose all your money. But this is what people don't get about influencing and the extraction model. And by extraction, again, I want to stress, I'm not saying that they're scams. I'm saying that you're basically pulling money out of your audience. And when the value isn't there behind it, where they're put where they're spending $1 and they're getting four back in their mind, whatever the result of the product is, what happens is it can't be sustained. And so the product eventually kills itself and then the hype ends up not being sustainable and that doubles down and double kills the product. So for example, if you look at like Prime Energy Drink, that thing was making so much sales, the sales are down 90% now. Why? Why? It's because the entire thing was based around hype and extraction. I'm not saying it's a scam. I'm just saying that it was pulling money out without giving equivalent value back and the hype wasn't able to then sustain it. But you can look at this with every single online influencer. Look at all the make money online gurus who have popped up in the last 5 years. They are now gone. Look at all the people that popped up in skincare and cosmetics and protein powder and lifting stuff who were got really, really, really big. Now they're all gone. Look at all the influencers who were getting hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views in 2020 2021 and now they're not getting any views. And so to make this point clear, this is a lethal way to operate because you do not want to there's only one thing worse than than being broke. It's going from broke to making a lot of money to then being broke again. And so the reason why this model never absolutely works is because it's again based around hype and extraction. And you're might be thinking, well, you can't keep hype going forever. Well, no, you can. For example, if you look at like Taylor Swift or most mainstream celebrities, the Kardashians, uh they've kept the hype going for like a century at this point, but that's because they are assisted by the mainstream media or the corporate media who has permanent control over what people view and what people see. So, it's not really based around what people want to see and what they want to click and where their hype is is going. It's basically they tell people, "This person's famous and you need to follow them." And they control the airwaves. are not going to take these people off TV no matter how boring or whatever they get. They don't have to keep shaking their ass to the same degree that originally made them famous. For example, you're just going to keep seeing Pedro Pascal everywhere regardless if you actually like them or not. He's just going to be famous whether you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it or not. You You want Pedro Pascal in the movie? Guess what? There he is. You go to a movie, four out of five of them Pedro Pascal. That that's just what you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get because this is what they tell you to eat and a lot of people eat it. But this is an advantage that social media influencers do not have. Because what you need to understand is why this hype is unsustainable on social media is because the algorithm is basically always looking for the next popular person. So when you become an influencer, it's basically like you are an 18-year-old at a Miami strip club. So you're there, you're perky, you're hot, everyone's really into you. And the club promoter, who is the algorithm, is going to be like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're you're the best thing ever. going to be pumping up, putting on the posters and everything, but then you go and you you turn into rotted middle cat 22. I don't know. For the the two girls watching this channel, it's been nice. It's been nice knowing you here. This is the speech that's going to chase away the last two watching. But all right, 18-year-old girl turns rotten at 22. Let's just say 30. Okay. All right. We'll we'll retain the two viewers. Anyways, what's going to happen to the strip club is the promoter and everyone is going to say, "Okay, well, this person's not the the new best thing." and there's going to be another 18-year-old that they want to promote to make money because it makes them more money when someone's getting popular and based on what the customers want. They're going to have a hard time selling and consistently boosting up some 30-year-old stripper who's aging out of the workplace when there's again hundreds of little 18-year-olds waiting in the lobby for their chance to play. And so, the audience is going to be one more fascinated with 18-year-olds. The algorithm is going to be more fascinated with the 18-year-olds. And you are going to have only one option to keep the attention and the algorithm backing you is you have to just get more extreme and shake your ass harder and harder and harder. You don't get to keep doing the same stuff that got you famous at 18, you have to double down and triple down or whatever cuz not only are you aging out of everything. On top of that, everything you've done has been seen before. So, I'm sure you've seen influencers that got really big like a few years ago being like alpha male red pill Andrew Tate style. You saw the influencers that got big doing that. Like everybody's seen these videos now. Like nobody [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares about women ruining men and men's basic lifestyle. They don't care anymore. You can see that's clearly on the decline now. And all those guys who built their brand around all their views are starting to decline because the algorithm just doesn't care anymore. It's all been seen before. And so the only way they're going to be able to get back and keep making money is they're going to have to switch it up and shake their ass much harder and do something different. But they've already done so much extreme stuff like how much crazy stuff, how much crazy stuff can you see in videos? How much crazy lifestyle can you show before it just becomes boring? For example, a really good example, Dan Blazerian back when he started his first content of posting strippers and whatever on on Instagram. It was all cool. I I thought it was pretty funny. You know, he's riding around the club throwing cake at people, drinking, uh doing drugs, doing steroids, hanging out with hot paid escorts all the time. Looks like fun. But you can see over time people just got tired of it. People stopped caring and he didn't change it up. and he just got old and now he's like 46, 47 selling like courses on how to date women and nobody's watching his videos. Nobody's really cares about Instagram and his company imploded because the hype and everything isn't there anymore. Very similar to every other influencer out there. And so you can see based on the system right here, people are promoting other people in his place now. The algorithm is like, "Okay, done with you. You're not going to keep people clicking. You're not going to keep their attention." Pow! Right back to new 18-year-old. And think of all the 18-year-olds who are coming up right now that are famous out of nowhere. I think like a good example would be like Aiden Ross or something like that. I'm not saying these people are going to fail, but the internet becomes obsessed with other people and they forget about everybody else. This is the difference between this and a mainstream celebrity where you have control over the narrative. The algorithm is going to constantly keep replacing you. Now, here's where it gets really, reallying lethal. As you age out of this and the algorithm stops rewarding you, you're just going to get tired. Trust me, I was making videos when I was like 22, 23, and I was building up my brand. And I was getting more famous on Instagram, doing these events, speaking stuff like that. And I was launching courses and whatnot. And I was like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is like tiring. I am I'm tired of having to constantly create new videos and new ideas and new oneup myself over and over and over again to keep attention. I'm tired of having to constantly release new courses and a new next best thing and constantly keep the business going bigger and bigger. And I started to see my flywheel starting to slow down because of this exact problem right here. So I was like, I got to find some way not to be wrapped up in this. I can't do this until I'm 40. I can't make doing this the core of how I make money. I can't make it the cornerstone because I'm just going to get tired and eventually I'm going to run out of things to one up myself in and then everything's going to go down from there. So, that's when I went and started software and whatever. And yes, I still make videos on YouTube and whatnot. You've probably seen over the last like decade, I've managed to maintain a pretty consistent view count because that's because I've changed it up, gotten into crypto and whatnot, but those videos are for fun and I do that kind of mostly out of enjoyment. The reason why I started making crypto videos was mostly for giggles. And the reason why I make these videos is for a completely different reason. I'm not trying to get famous influencer famous. I'll explain why in the business model I'm going to put down right here in a second. That's the solution to this. But I basically separated my ability to make money from my personal brand because you end up in this hell right here where eventually the algo stops caring about you and you end up in influencer purgatory. Look for example at like Liverp. He had to keep one uping himself, one uping himself and becoming more and more extreme to the point that he actually just got in trouble for becoming too extreme and people just stopped caring. If you look at a lot of like the health in influencers out there like the bodybuilders or any of the uh health supplement guys out there, every single person out there, especially on the younger range gets big and then they end up in purgatory hell where I'm sure you see these people now where they're not getting any views, no one cares, they're still slinging the same products and stuff like that, except they're just not making the money that they used to. And there's no way they can get it back because they were a 30-year-old aged out stripper and the algorithm doesn't care. People don't care. And because their business was not based around value, all their products, nobody cares. For example, if you look at like again, I'm not saying Logan Paul is going to fail from here. I don't know what his trajectory is. But I can tell you as he's turning 30, 30ish, wherever he is now, people are starting to not care. And you can see that in the Prime Energy sales right there, they're down 90%. Nobody's probably going to come watch other boxing matches. And so, he's in a really tough place right now where he's probably older now. He doesn't want to do the same shenanigans that's going to get all the little clicks on the internet. Both of the businesses are making a lot less money now. He's built up this really big lifestyle and now he only has one way to save himself and that's by shaking his ass so much harder and doing extreme stuff that the 18-year-olds won't do. That's the only way back into it at this point. And so this is where every single influencer ends up unless they build their business in the way I'm going to talk about right now. And this is why as you're starting your personal brand and building up, you have to be deadly aware of this. And you need to be having a plan like I'm going to talk about here to parachute out of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you're getting near the peak and out of it. You do not want to make this your entire thing. So, how do we do this and what's the solution to this? So, really good example of me. I used to have a big personal brand and like make money online and courses and stuff like that. And as that was growing for me, what I did is I built a brand that was not about me and doesn't rely on my face. For example, Hyros and my software companies online. They don't require my face to grow. Okay? I I can stop making videos tomorrow. They will keep growing because it's one based around value, but two, I'm not just saying build good businesses. As I was going up, I was able to make money for my personal brand and my courses and whatnot. And also use them to get clients for my services and all sorts of stuff I was doing. And I was always making little mini softwares trying to figure out how to do software. What I was doing is I was cash flowing the personal brand and the influencer brand into actually building valuebased products. Now, I'm not saying things we were selling back then were not valueless, but I would compare myself to any real other influencer out there. I was making products that weren't really different than anything else in the market. And so, I realized that I was going to be doomed here pretty eventually because I was turning 30 and I was not going to be able to keep this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] momentum going forever. And so I then started putting all of it in the software. And I took that money, put in the software, and aimed to build long-term businesses that didn't rely on me making videos at all. And this is what you need to be aiming to do. You need to think as you're going up, all right, how can I turn this into a long-term business where if I disappear, the money is going to keep coming in and the business is going to keep going up because that's the only way to do it. You have to have a product that's just truly better than anything else on the market. And this is actually the whole crux of the entire thing. If you're trying if you're trying to become an influencer, you need to be creating your escape path very soon because there's almost nobody that does it well for a very long period of time because what also happens is your entire attention, especially as you get up here goes to growing your personal brand and creating the hype and then you can't focus on the product and software. This is why it's even more dangerous as you get to the top because every one of your skill sets and everything is around this hype and this personal brand and not on product creation and actual value creation. And so you get locked into this and so you can't even build something that's valuable if you want. I'm sure you've seen tons of influencers. They keep trying to build businesses, but they all suck. It's because they're spending too much time at the strip club shaking their ass instead of taking care of customers. So again, it's just a such a doublebladed sword. The only other advice I would give you right here is if you really want to make this work and you want to do the hype and the personal brand, I have two pieces of advice for you. One, make sure this is what you want to do for the next 30 years of your life. For example, if you look at like David Ramsay or Tony Robbins or some of just the really long-term people that have had personal brands for a long time, they did two things. One, they made sure this is exactly what they want to do for 30 years of your life. A lot of people come in and they want to dabble in or they don't think 30 years in the future. If you are not ready to shake your ass at the strip club for the next 30 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years, don't do it. Two, you have to be willing to go hard as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] For example, if you look like Alexozi and his content stuff right now, he went zero to absolutely all out. And I'm pretty sure he's going to he's down to do this for the next 30 years of his life. You have to make sure you're willing to talk and run the brand hard for 30 years. There is no in or out. Next, focus on gaining respect instead of hype and attention. Look, I'm not telling you to model anything I like do for example in crypto. Crypto is my crypto channel, for example, is going to suffer from this exact same situation here in the future. I guarantee it. That's why I haven't made crypto and everything my main career. I guarantee you, you're going to see this exact same funnel thing happen to me. My crazy crypto channel of all things, people are going to slowly stop watching. It's going to lose traction and then that channel is going to be dead. That's why I'm actually playing for this to be my last bull run in crypto because I see this curve happening right now. Even over there, it's extremely important that you understand that you can't keep the hype going forever. What you can keep going is respect in the industry. And this is going to actually result in you getting less views. So for example, if you look at some of the smartest influencers like David Ramsay doesn't get a ton of views. What he did is he made himself very very respected in a niche of an industry. So not everybody knows about him, not even everyone's watching his content, but he made himself respected and was able to carry that long-term success to sell his products. Now, in my opinion, the best thing you can possibly do is when you are climbing up this ladder, you focus on building a long-term product that's unique and based around value. And you keep making attempts at this. You need to go and actually build a long-term company. For example, with Hyros, when I was growing my personal brand, I kept trying to build softwares and finding something to click. And I learned a ton about building software. Then I built Hyros, which grows automatically and it's independent of any of my channels. My crypto channel doesn't help it. And I only started making these business videos recently because we're adding products to Hyros in the future that are more mainstream. And so I want to be able to talk about those on the internet. But again, I'm not doing this as the cornerstone of Hyros the software company. The cornerstone of it is really good products that deliver a result for customers. And that's why it's kept growing throughout the years despite my uploading and influencing this being inconsistent. You you can notice I don't even use Instagram or Tik Tok for example. I do it because I want to, not because I have to. And that is why becoming an influencer is so damn dangerous because eventually your entire brand relies on you doing something you have to do instead of something you want to do. I really doubt a lot of people as they turn 32, 35, go into their 40s want to keep shaking their ass on social media and trying to influence and create the next big thing. as all these 18 year olds and 20 year olds are flooding in the space will only to do just about anything and our new interesting and algorithm loves them. Not only is your promoter trying to betray you, but you're also getting tired and drained of energy and the attention of the internet which is fickle as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is slowing down at the exact same time and then you end up in hell. So that is why becoming an influencer in 2025 is a super bad idea. If you like these videos, be sure to subscribe because I'm going to be releasing all the courses that I've made in the past here at a certain subscriber count. Uh I think we've made the point in this video. I'll see you later.