Title: $5000+ A Day From TINY CHEAP $9 Facebook Ads (Full Guide For Cheap MFers)
Video ID: 8M-gcYJhImM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8M-gcYJhImM
================================================================================

All right, you are here because you want to put a$150 cents into Facebook and make a $100 back. That's totally reasonable. Don't let me stop you from dreaming right here. Look, this channel is dedicated to internet sleeves balls like you. So, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to show you a bunch of simple tactics I've used on Facebook ads that allow me to put in very low amounts of money and make huge returns. In fact, I built a business past over $10 million per year investing relatively small amounts in Facebook ads. In fact, what I'm going to show you right here allowed me to go from businesses that spent $10 to $20 million a year in ads, literally, and only made like a 2x ROI to businesses that spent, I don't know, a couple hundred,000 a year in ads and made 15, 20x just just crazy ROIs from it. In fact, it was just shocking how much money we made from our ads just by making these simple changes in our businesses and how we look at them. And you should listen to me on this because a I don't have any course or any product to sell you right here. I'm just going to tell you everything I know about ads. And what I know about ads is the fact that I built multiple eight figureure businesses purely fueled by ads and actually built a nine figure business. Again, kickstarted and grown via ads. On top of that, I'm also the CEO of one of the largest tracking companies in the world right now, Hyros, which allows me to see what's working across billions of dollars of ad spend. So, what I'm going to tell you right here, this is the source of the stream knowledge. This is coming straight from the source, straight from the cow. That's the type of cheese that you're getting here. So, without further ado, let me show you these tacticum changes that we use to uh get these results. All right, so let's begin. These five tips right here. You just apply these, you're going to see so much more money from ads from such low spends. In fact, you can build entire businesses around them if you want. Seven figure businesses. I've done this before with these tiny little tactics. So, just just use them. So, I'm going to give you the pinnacle of cheap bozo make tons of money from your ads with no investment upfront tactic ever. This is the most important thing. And in fact, I'm doing this to you right now. I used this originally to start hiring and grow it to very high levels and businesses I've shown this to that do this and apply this fully. A lot of them don't even run large scale ads. They just do this and some of them make up to eight figures a year just doing this simple little tactic. So look, number one priority if you don't want to spend money on ads or you're just starting up your business and want to go in kind of low is you need to go and simply make content on the internet and then remarket people that come from that content. This sounds super duper simple. No one does this. It's insane. Let me just show you an example of what we're doing right here. So, for example, you're watching this channel right now. I obviously want you to buy Hyros. And the way I'm doing that is by helping you with tons of content. We'll make more revenue from your ads so that you eventually decide to track them. Okay? There's no secret to that. But let me kind of show you how this channel with not many views. For example, if you go look at like my crypto channel for example, we get tons of views right there. I slayed. I'm the number one crypto advice guy on the internet. But we're not here to really talk about making a channel like that. When a lot of people talk about YouTube, they're thinking, "Oh, I got to go get millions of subscribers and stuff like that." No, not at all. Okay, so for example, like my channel right here, I was talking to an ad run the other day. Um, Sam Polo, he uses this channel right here. You can see he only has 12K subscribers. And I know that they do very, very well from their channel. And there's a ton of other channels that I'm referencing that are a lot like channels like this where they're only 10, 12, 30k, 50K subscribers. Uh, I was looking at some content from Hormosi the other day and he was talking about a very very small Instagram that was making tons like millions and millions of dollars off of like 12,000 followers or something like that. This is what we're trying to focus on right here and this is probably one of the best ways to run a type of business period because it's just so damn profitable, especially if you're a beginner and don't want to go on high investment. Now, how is this working? There's a few simple things we're doing right here. Okay. So, if we go look at this video, not that video, you see my video right here that we're able to view. Obviously, voila. You you you're looking at a video right now. I'm sure you know how YouTube works. But what is going to happen after this video is a few things. So, let's imagine this is the the content right here. First off, you're going to get added to a Google remarketing list. So, this is why I love making YouTube videos because you're automatically added to a remarketing list. And if you're watching this video, you're already interested in running ads. It is going to be so damn profitable for me to run any type of product selling ad content training optimization to you after this. It's building the best remarketing list on planet earth. Okay, so we can do that. On top of that, from your videos, you can always link to other websites. Now, I don't really do that in these videos, but you can always talk about your website or your product website uh and send people to that at the end of the video or for the capture leads or whatever. People that come from your videos or your content to these pages again make an insanely good remarketing list. So remarket people that watch those videos. This also applies then to content from everywhere. So let's imagine we're making content on YouTube, Twitter, and Instagram. Okay. Not only is all this content of course allow you to be remarketed, you could remarket the people that follow you on Twitter. You can remarket the people that follow you on Instagram, on YouTube, but you can also remarket the people that watch your videos on these platforms, even if they follow you or not. You can also remarket to people that come to your website from these platforms. And what I suggest you do with these when you're linking from them, don't just link people directly to your website. Link people directly to your pages for for example, I can make like hyros.com/youtube and you go there to get a special deal. So that gets you your most engaged people. Now, what do you do with these audiences from this? Very simple. You put them on remarketing lists on Facebook, YouTube or whatever and then you sell them. That's it. You can run and build a seven or eight figure business just with this tactic alone. For example, on some of my videos right here, let's say we get like 20,000 views. Okay? If I get a 100 people to buy Pyros, I have these 20,000 people right here with our average value per subscriber on there being $500 per month. I made about $600,000 from just the people watching this video right here. Now, that video is a little bit bumped up there. Again, this would be again factoring all the reoccurring per year and everything that comes in it, but you can see how simple it would be for me to get a nice retargeting list of 20,000 people. And if I do a really good job on this video right here, just getting a 100 people of that 20,000 to buy or become customers over the span of a year. Really isn't that damn challenging. And that's all just from this. And I can literally spend, I don't know, 50 bucks a day remarketing this entire list right here. This is how damn profitable that method is. Everyone should be using this as their base method for running advertising online. On top of all these little bonus tip, track your ads. Look, you guys know I own high-risisk. You think, "Oh, he's just trying to get us to buy his product." Yes, I am. Because it will make you a lot more money or you don't pay for it. There's literally a guarantee at highrisis if you don't see an increase in your ad ROI. You don't pay for it because of this. Look, you need to track your ads because if you look at some campaigns I have right here, for example, I caught 61 calls right here. Facebook told me I got 31, 19, 12. A lot of these campaigns I'm looking at right here are tracking half the amount of calls coming in. If you look right here that Harris is catching, I don't see how you expect to run ads profitably or maximize it if you can't see where your sales are coming from. Because if you can't see where all your sales are coming from and which ads are the most profitable, you can't optimize and scale the ads that are most profitable, thus making you the most profit off the littlest amount of ad spend. So, if you want to really maximize your ads on top of all these tactics I'm saying right here, track your ads so you can actually see where all the revenue is coming in from all the calls and not just the upfront revenues coming in, but the long-term revenue that's coming in as well so you can attribute back to your ads and maximize the amount of profit they make. It's not that crazy. You should use it. So, just a very basic tip, actually track your business like a a smart person and don't run it like a drunken baboon. It's kind of a broad swipe with a brush statement, but you should do that. Now, let me give you the next best method right here. And this is in fact how I grew Hyru very successfully when a lot of other SAS companies similar to our our company didn't do so well because they didn't understand this. So, when you're running ads anywhere online, what you want to try and do is get people to buy as much upfront as possible using calls if you can. Now, it doesn't always have to be calls. It can be a webinar if you're doing like an e-commerce product or something like that or it can be a long form sales video. I think calls are the best. Webinars are second and then long form sales videos. I I don't know. I think it's kind of difficult to get people to buy expensive things without really um completely sexually harassing them with a sales pitch, which can be done in calls or a webinar. So, why does this work so damn well? I'm going to give you a simple situation right here. I'm going to bump up the screen so you know that I'm super duper serious. So, one of the reasons why Hyros was really successful early on that you should apply to your business, whether you're selling e-commerce products, software, B2B, infoarketing, I don't know, some get-richqu online, all you all you scuzzbags out there, I know you're watching this, too. Is the reason why that hyros did well originally is because a lot of other SAS companies were selling stuff for like $99 a month and you'd sign up for a free trial or something like that. That's so damn hard to make a profitable business off of because you're not making I'm not making maximum amount of money from each customer that you get. Let me explain. So, let's imagine I'm running an ad where I'm going to spend $1,000, okay? And then my my product is $100 per month and I have a 3% conversion rate. All right? And if I'm spending, let's say $5 per click, I'm going to get 200 clicks. So, off of this, what I'm going to get is about uh six conversions at $100. Now, these are really like rough numbers. I'm going make $600 back per month. And if this is recurring, this is actually awesome. These are actually inflated numbers. If you're running SAS or something like this, but if we go right here, okay, for example, and then we cut this conversion rate down to 1.5%. We cut it in half. Okay, so imagine that. But instead of selling that $100 upfront for the product, we get people on a phone call and we sell them it a year up front. And so this is what we did with Hyru that made it really successful in the beginning. So if we do this right here and we have half that conversion rate right there and we have 200 clicks, we're going to get three sales at $1,200. Okay? So that's going to put us at $3,600 back immediately on that $1,000 in ad spend. This is night and day difference than what we were doing before. And what a lot of people do is they try to sell their lower-end products or their reoccurring products or products at not high enough price point. The thing is, when you run ads, the same people that buy at $100 will often buy at a year upfront or a much larger package of some sort, if you get them on a phone call or you get them on a long enough webinar pitch. And so really, the key to running super profitable ads is you try and collect as much money up front, even if it kills the conversion rate a little bit, because when you're just starting your business, you need that cash flow in. The reason why Hires was very successful up front when a lot of other businesses failed is we collected massive amounts of profit on our ads that allowed us to keep investing in our development and the product itself. A lot of other companies were trying to do that $100 method and then because of that they had to take massive losses in order to grow their company from ads. This is a much better way to do it if you want to make more money from your ads, especially on a low budget. Next, while we're on the topic of reoccurring, the easiest thing you can do with your ads to make more money from them is you need to add some type of reoccurring to your offer. period. Okay. So, for example, I I think we all understand this. If you have a $40 product and you manage to put in a $10 supplement subscription or anything like that, you just increase the value of this $40 sale and people are very e it's very easy to get them on like $10, $20 subscriptions to $120 a year. Okay? And what this allows you to do is build a business where you have income coming in no matter what. You need to have money coming in from sales once you get them. Period. I I can't give you any better tip for your business than find some way to make your offer reoccurring. If you're selling an e-commerce product, find some type of reoccurring subscription you can add into there. Heck, make the main product a reoccurring subscription on its own at a discount. This is so damn important because when you get people buying two, three, four times, it's more than that they buy one time. It's such a common sense statement, but very few people do this. Every single business you run should have some type of reoccurring offer, whether it's in the front end or the back end, to get people on this. And this is how you're going to maximize your business from low ad spends because every single month, if let's say you add $3,000 in subscribers or reoccurring income, that's not that much. But if you do that every single month for an entire year with like, I don't know, a 5% churn, imagine if your product doesn't suck or something like that, you're making 20 30,000 a month reoccurring from the same lower budget ad spend. That's why reoccurring is so important because if we're not doing reoccurring, we're basically have to remake that again every single month. If we are doing reoccurring, that $1,000 in ad spend that generated this doesn't have to go up and we can keep spending that low amount of ad spend until we have enough reoccurring income coming in that allows us to then kind of up this a little bit more or more comfortably. This is so incredibly important to running businesses from ads. Businesses that don't have reoccurring income coming in. It becomes extremely hard to grow the business off of just upfront sales from ads. Finally, if you want to maximize your ads as much as possible, find a way to work scarcity in immediately. Now, you don't always want to do this at scale, okay? But if you can work scarcity in realistically from your ads or in the remarketing of those ads. So, for example, if a person comes to my page selling socks, what I'm immediately going to do with the remarketing ads is offer them a 5% discount or coupon if they come back and buy in the next couple hours. We actually have AI at Hyris now that does this for Hyris, but other companies as well. It's built into the proc that comes through and passively does this. So, a person comes to a page, the AI automatically starts messaging them custom emails, offering them scarcity right away. If you can use it in the original ad, great. But it's kind of hard to sometimes do this. One thing you can actually do is say, "Hey, you came to the website. I want you to come back and get this immediately and offer them some type of discount, some reason to act now." The reason why a lot of people don't buy from ads simply comes down to there's no reason to act now. It can be the smallest reason on planet Earth. look at your ads and say, "Is there some scarcity, particularly in your remarketing ads?" It's the easiest way to take your dollar in ad spend that gives you $2 back and make it $3 back. But make sure it's realistic scarcity. If you're doing just a general like, "Hey, you better act now or this offer will be gone forever." That doesn't work and it just it doesn't build trust with your customers. Using these tiny little effective marketing scarcity tactics, whatever it is, so damn important to increasing the value of your ads. And then last things last, it ties into this. When a person comes to your website, don't just remarket them. Remarket exactly what they viewed. So when a person comes to any of our e-commerce websites or Hyros in particular, we don't just remarket them based on them coming to the website. We market them based on what they looked at in particular. So, for example, if you come to Hyros and you land on an ecom page and then you go from the ecom page to our call page, what we're going to do is we're going to say or send you an email if we have your contact information and text message and also run ads to you focused around e-commerce and the fact that you didn't book a call. Okay, this is super minute retargeting. And this is exactly what you want to do if you want to make maximum return on your ads while spending as little as possible. It takes like 50 cents to remarket this person right here. But if we go right here and we have the person come to the site and then we just remarket them like, "Hey, you came to Hyru. Come back and check it out." Not going to work. If we remarket them saying, "Hey, we noticed you checked out an e-commerce page and didn't book a call, but we're on the fence. Why don't you come back and book a call right now? And if you do so in the next hour, next two hours, we'll give you a 5% discount if you choose to buy." This gets people to take action right there. This is the front-loaded specific information, specific remarketing that is going to get people to take action and give you maximum profit for the tiniest amount of ad spend that you spend. And while this isn't important, if you're spending $100,000 a day in ad spend and you're kind of broad and shotgunning and building some big business, if you're a business that needs to make money cash upfront, these are the things you need to be doing immediately now, not optional, to make the most return on your ads to put you in as much profit as possible. These methods right here are the best things you can possibly do. That's all I got. If you want to see the actual ads, the scripts, the targeting, it's all on this channel as well. There is nothing held back. Browse around. There'll be some videos at the end of this video that show you how it's done. And for the love of gravy, once you get some level of competence on the things I teach on this channel, track your ads with Hyros because you can see where your actual sales are coming from and optimize for it. I can't stress how blind you are if you're not running ads with proper tracking, which you should use with Hyros. And you can also use all those AI tactics that I talked about as well. So, I'll see you in the next video. Goodbye.