Title: 200 Mil CEO Shows How He'd Make 10 Mil A Year From Zero In 2025 [FULL BLUEPRINT]
Video ID: c9j2tTw9BPo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9j2tTw9BPo
================================================================================

All right, buckle the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up because this one's the big one. This is my 100% free guide on how I would reach $10 million per year and personal consistent flowing income that I can count on if I had to start completely over from scratch, did not have the skill sets I have today, and want to do it in a reasonable time frame. Let's say 3 to 5 years while I am still young. This is step by step what I do. In fact, this is step by step what I did to build a $200 million valued company, Hyros, from start to finish, minus all the stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mistakes I made. Because I'm sure as you watch this hourong video, you're going to discover I'm kind of a dumbass. Here are the steps. Here's the first lesson. The first lesson is intent. If you want to make $10 million per year in personal income, you have to build a business that is capable of generating $10 million per year in consistent profit. Not something that's willy-nilly, goes up and down, not something that makes $10 million a year in revenue, something that makes $10 million a year in profit. That means you're likely going to need to build a $100 million company. Now, I know that sounds crazy and intimidating and but it's the same way as setting out to build a $1 million company or a $5 million company. And the big mistake a lot of people make, including me when I got started, because I've built several seven figure and eight figure companies, is I didn't build companies that were capable of getting to $100 million in valuation. And if you're making about $100 million in valuation, you're probably taking home about $10 million per year, give or take. It just depends on the business. But we also also have to optimize for profit here. And so what you need to do is when you're thinking about your business, what you have to think about is the legs of the business. This is going to be the size of the market, the competition of the market, the demand for the product, and the price to the size in comparison of all of this. So for example, you're going to have a really hard time making $10 million a year selling $5 Shopify shirts. You're going to have a really hard time making $10 million per year in profit if you're selling info products or little small products. You're going to have a really hard time making $10 million a year in income. If you're selling something that everybody else is selling that's oversaturated, the market isn't big enough. So, first and foremost, you have to sit down and analyze the type of business you're going to make and say, is this capable of getting to $100 million in value? Is this capable? If you're going to be making $10 million a year, you're usually looking at about a 30 50% profit margin on the very highest of end. And so the business has to be capable of generating $30, $40 million per year. And what I'm going to show you in the next steps is how to plan on a business that's capable of doing that. Now, you're probably wondering, who is this extremely good-looking, jacked, handsome, very humble man talking to me right now? And how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is he qualified to tell me anything about building a $100 million business? Here's why. I have built a business that's valued anywhere between 150 and $200 million. It name is Hyros. The way I'm getting those valuations, unlike other YouTubers who just take their best income month and then multiply it by 12 and then multiply it by 15 or 10 to get some crazy valuation number, is I've received offers for 110 million. I've received offers for 150 million. And if you take our revenue, which is closing in on $40 million per year, and you put it through basic SAS multiples, which is about a 7x for a company that's approaching those numbers and growing at about 40 to 50% per year, which we are right now, the multiples on that are about 7 to 10, which would actually put my net worth and the value of my company closer to $400 million. I don't want to use those big crazy numbers. So, let's cut it in half. Let's give it a terrible multiple of just 5x, which is just terrible and would be a business that isn't growing. That's how I'm getting those valuation numbers on my company. So, I'm using the lowest end numbers I possibly can. I'm using past offers I've gotten. Now, on top of this, I have built many, many seven and eight figure businesses. Now, I'm not using valuation numbers on those. I've built many businesses that generate seven figures a year in profit, eight figures a year in profit, eight figures a year in revenue. I'm not using multiples on those because I couldn't sell those businesses. So, using multiples on those like most YouTubers use on their business would be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And for this next hour, if you can tell, I want to be very straightforward and blunt with you. I don't want to give you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blown up pie in the sky information. I want to give you very basic, straightforward business practices that I discovered along the way of building my company and I learned from other entrepreneurs that consistently build companies like this. And before I continue to the next step that shows you how to find the right markets for this, how to find and build the right products for this, you're probably thinking, why in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name would I sit down and do this? Here is why. A, I don't have a course to sell you. I'm already extremely rich and as you can tell, extremely humble. I see you guys in the comment section. You consistently say I'm not humble. I don't know what you're getting at. I don't see what anything about this video doesn't scream. Raging humility, but whatever. I'm not here to prove that to you. The fact is I'm already extremely rich and selling courses, I think, is a bad business model for getting more rich from here. It doesn't make enough money for me to care about it. However, at my company, Hyris, we're launching a product in the future that is extremely mass market. You can put it on any website and will increase the revenue of the website 3 to 5%. I don't want you to buy that right now. I don't even want you to think about it. I'm not selling it to you right now. You can't even buy it. Chill out. My goal of making this video is to help you so much and give you so much information that your business grows. And when it does grow, you come think, "Hey, that really nice, good-looking, handsome, jacked man on YouTube. He helped me out a whole lot. Maybe I'll go check out his business. I have nothing to sell you right now. So, stop twisting your nipples. You're just going to get an hour of quality content here. No PS, pitches, or steamy, skisy internet marketing aside." So, let's talk about the next step. Finding the market and knowing what type of product to build for this market and then how to target specific beachfronts for the market. I know it's a big mouthful. Let me explain. So, look, for the sake of this video, I only built one business valued over $100 million. So, I'm going to use my experience at Hyros, which is a SAS company. I think SAS is the best business model overall, especially for me. It matches my talents, but this applies to basically every business model out there. It's the core of growing a large business from complete scratch. You can use it for anything. I'm going to talk about this in relation to highrisis though because that's the experience I have. You're going to have to use your noggin and connect the dots, which I trust you can do because you don't have an IQ of a baboon. If you do have an IQ of a baboon, I I don't know what to tell you. Enjoy the video. We have a cool car in the background. You can flip it, too. Look, identifying the market, the product you should build for it. And by the way, these drawings in the background are going to be like they're written by a chimpanzeee at all times in this video. Just remember, I'm absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm very incompetent. So, you're just going to have to sort through the information knowing that the Lamborghini here is to trick you into thinking I'm a competent professional entrepreneur who knows what he's doing. I think it's going pretty well so far. Don't you? Anyways, the market, the product and beachfronts. So, look, first thing you need to do is you need to identify a market that is big enough at higher risk. For example, I decided that we needed to target media buyers. And you also need to target a market that is not completely oversaturated with the product you're going to assign. So, I know a lot about marketing. So, I decided to build Hyros, which is a marketing software that tracks ads and then basically increases the revenue you get from ads. Now, I'm not going to pitch you Hyros in this video. I'm just going to tell you what it does so you understand how I approach this market. So, what Hyris does is if you put it on your Facebook ads, your YouTube ads, let's say you spend a h 100red, $500, $1,000 on there. You need to see which ads are generating sales since you know which ones are generating an ROI. Facebook ad, YouTube ads, whatever. They don't track as deeply as needed to actually go and track all your sales. Hyro does that. So, if you're running ads on Facebook, for example, I can spend $1,000 on Facebook and it will tell me I got five calls for my business when in reality I got 10 or I got less than that and Facebook was wrong. If I'm using that wrong data, I'm not able to scale my ads actively. Therefore, I lose money or turn off ads that are making me a lot of money. If a business plugs this in, it makes them more money. But the core of what I just showed you right here is breakage in a business. It's a place where a business is either losing money or can make more money. It's the problem. It's the painful problem that the business or person is dealing with and that's what we want to focus on. So the first thing we want to do is we want to look at a market that can support this and make sure it's simply big enough. Marketing software obviously if you look at Salesforce you look at other products in the market obviously marketing software has a huge niche out there. If we look at e-commerce for example I'm going to use the references of sleep or skincare because those are really easy ones to make. If you look at the market share or the market size of people that need to improve their sleep or the people need to improve their skin, it's absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gigantic. So, first thing you need to do is pick a big enough market that your business can scale into. The easiest way to do this is a lot of people have all sorts of little testing strategies or weird little strategies to go find this thing. They load up an Excel sheet like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nerd and do this. Just look at similarsized companies in the marketplace. Are there multiple billion dollar companies? Are there 10 billion dollar companies? Is the total market share big enough that if you get a tiny little sliver, you can get a $10 million per year, $20 million per year, or $30 to $40 million per year business running from it? If you're doing SAS and you want to make $10 million per year income, you probably going to need a business probably doing anywhere from 30 to $40 million a year. If you're doing e-commerce, you're probably going to need a business doing 50 or 80 with the profit margins from that. If you're selling info products and digital products, I don't know what to tell you. I think that's a really hard business model to scale. It's fantastic for cash flow, which is fine. we'll talk about here in a second, but usually cash flow businesses are not great scaling businesses because their barrier to entry due to their profit margin makes them extremely competitive. If you've noticed there's 500 info products or coaches or whatever popping up everywhere. It's not a great business to make a $100 million valuation on. You also can't sell the businesses. So, I'm not really going to talk about those businesses too much in this video. Though, I think it is a great way to make money. I don't think it's a great way to make consistent money because the businesses have all those metrics that I just talked about that make it very hard to sell, overly competitive. It's very challenging. I can walk away from high-risisk right now and the business will continue growing and making money. You can't do that with most info businesses. There are caveats to that, but let's continue. So, we need to make sure the market is big enough. Now, we need to make a product based around breakage or a significant problem combining a beachfront we're actually able to storm. Now, those are buzzwords. Let me explain the buzzwords. So, what is breakage? If you look at what I did with Hyros, I found breakage in the business in terms of their ads. There was huge inefficiency in terms of the advertising. People were losing money left and right by not having correct attribution. I am basically able to use and use that to create the best product pitch of all time. You pay me $100, I will make you $500. So, for example, if someone plugs in Hyris and they're making 100,000 a month from their ads, if they plug in Hyris, it will increase their ad revenue to 115 or $120,000 a month. and I build them a,000 to $2,000 a month. Very easy. They're making 20,000, I get 2,000 of that. That's the best business pitch on earth. I love making products around that. And that's what I base around. There's other ways you can do this in e-commerce and whatnot. I've never done that, so I'm not going to talk about them too much. And frankly, you can already see the common problems in e-commerce just from my point of view by looking at the market. People need to sleep better. People need to improve their skincare, so on and so forth. Now, what you need to do once you find these breakages or you see the problems in a marketplace is you need to look for beachfronts you can actually store them. So, for example, one of my first marketing softwares, Market Hero, I went and made an email autoresponder and I messed up royally. Now, the business got to $34,000 a month, which is not too shabby for a SAS business, but it couldn't scale from there and it was impossible to improve or keep moving forward because I built it very very very wrongly. See, what I did in that marketplace is I went for the entire market. All right? anybody sending email ever. You own a Shopify store, you're doing digital marketing, you're doing whatever. I went for all of it. Okay? And the problem with this marketplace was two things. One, I went for everybody all at once. So, I was not good at anything in particular. Two, the email space was extremely competitized. So, when you're looking at your market, is the market and the problem you're trying to solve commoditized? What does this mean? If you look at Mailchimp, you can sign up for a free trial and then pay $7 a month for it. And even if you're running a million-doll business, it's like very, very cheap. This is because the email market or the email marketing market is so spread out and packed that it's become very cheap and easy for businesses to get into it. And so you have Mailchimp which is making billions and billions of dollars a year and can lower their profit margin to like 5% and still make tons of money. That's so hard to compete with as if you're a startup. It just doesn't work like that. So you want to look at the incumbents in your marketplace and see is it commoditized. When I looked at my market, only thing I saw was this brand called Wick Reports. Now, unlike other entrepreneurs who like to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about other companies, me and Wicked did talk a little bit of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about each other at the start of it, but I have a lot of respect for our competitors at High-Res. Triple Whale, Wicked Reports, North Beam, I think they're all great companies. We all do kind of different things. Wik Reports is kind of more like analytical, like super hardcore media buyer. Northbeam is like super enterprise. Triple whale is exclusively Shopify, which I think is brilliant the way they built their business. And then it really ties in this lesson I'm going to show you right here. Regardless, at Market Hero, we were competing against like Mailchimp and stuff like that. Didn't work because we couldn't scale because everybody else was just so much cheaper and the profit margins and the and the amount of stuff that went into it. It was commoditized. We couldn't make much money there in the margins. Our competitor though, Clavio, launched at the same time. This is one of the first painful lessons here I learned about Beachfronts. There was nothing made specifically for Shopify and only Shopify. So, what did Clavio do? They didn't go out to entire market. They made a email mo autoresponder for just Shopify. just shopped by e-commerce and this is when Shopify was starting to take off. The company is now worth like $6 billion and my company's worth zero because I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. So here's one of the the first big lessons of how Alex Becker is a complete dumbass. I went for everything and I didn't target a beachfront. Clavio did. So what you want to do with your business is you want to see what part of this market is not being served. So for example, if I was making a software right now, I see all these AI softwares popping up everywhere. You they're targeting everyone all at once. What I would do is I would make an AI software for let's say doctor's office or construction companies or lighting companies like something bizarre like that. If you look at for example Alex's gym launch, the reason why that was so successful besides Alex being very talented. Um I've known him for years. I know him since he launched Gym Launch. I saw Gym Launch grow. I saw him go and sell Gym Launch. I talked to Alex pretty consistently. He's absolutely brilliant. Let's not take that away from that. Okay. But one of the reasons why Gym Launch was also very successful is back in the day everybody was launching info around consulting or e-commerce. yada yada. The same info products you see being slung on YouTube all day long. Alex went and targeted a beachfront where nobody was was marketing info products, which was gyms at the time. Because of that, Alex had the entire market to himself and he was able to become the best person in that space. Not only did he have the only product you could buy, he quickly became the big authority in the space. And so, he was able to absorb all the business and he built similar gym businesses off of that. And that was his edge right there. So those two examples, me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and then another person applying to his business model. So you want to go and target beachfronts where you can get a foot in the door. So instead of targeting everything, let's say this is an entire space right here. You want to find a little sliver right here. So let's say this is a $10 billion market. You want to find this tiny sliver where you can dominate and get $100 million. Let's actually say just like $30 million in revenue. Okay, that's not very much of the 10 billion. You can do this because you can find the exact perfect customer and then make it for them. This is the first thing you need. The second thing you need to actually do on top of intent. Okay? So, you can see number one and two, we're being very intentful with how we build our business. Also, by the way, if you like this video, like, subscribe. Why? Because I'm able to scrape my subscribers with AI. And in the future, I'm just going to release a big free course that's kind of similar to this, but I'm only going to give it to subscribers. Cuz if you're not subscribed, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you. You come here, you mooch, you leech around, you look at my beautiful face, you go and tell your wife about me, your kids adore me, and you don't even subscribe. What are you doing, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dork? Subscribe and I'm gonna give you a ton of free [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the future. I'll be able to scrape my subscribers and you'll get access to all those free courses. I'm never going to sell your course because like I said, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate doing it. The main reason I'm making this and not doing some mastermind or courses is because talking to people in person making courses, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate doing it. And the second you give me money, I'm responsible for your financial success. I don't want that. I don't think most people have the gustoa to go and build a business. And unlike other people and YouTubers that tell you anyone can build a business, I've been doing this for so long, it's really hard to convince people to actually get off their butt and make businesses. I'd rather just give you the information for free, I have no responsibility. And so if I give you any courses or anything in the future, it's just going to be free, too. But you got to be subscribed. So speaking about the next part, there's this really tricky thing that happens in business. It's this bizarre bizarre phenomenon where you have to pay for things and this creates problems when it comes to initially funding a business. So, I'm going to give you two ways you can fund the business right now because this is step three. First way, you raise money. Now, how do you raise money? You try really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. There's about a billion videos on YouTube about raising money for businesses. I saw some person raise like $18 million for like the dumbest idea I've ever seen ever. You're just going to have to go do it and raise money. I don't like raising money because it requires you having to give a huge amount of uh your company's shares and equity to the people that raise money. I don't like that. I have a super mega majority ownership of Hyros, which is one of the reasons why I'm able to make a lot of income from it from dividends and whatnot. Though at the moment, I really don't try to make that much money from Hyros. I could easily cash flow it and make 20 mil a year easy. I don't want that. I want the company to grow. I want to build a billion-doll company in one of the great SAS companies. My motivation right now in business is not money. I have plenty of it. My motivation is I want to build one of those great SAS companies that everybody loves that people aspire to. So, I'm not too worried about cash flow right now. So, as we continue in this video, I'm going to focus on your cash flow, but just understand that's not really my priority. I want to build a billion-dollar business. You want to build a hund00 million business, and you want to make $10 million a year. That's what we're going to focus on. That being said, if you want to make a lot of money, it it it's easier if you just don't give away any equity. So, what I like to do is I like to do cash flow business models to fund the big business. Now, this is a lot slower. You can cut to the chase with raising money and start day one. But I think if you're a beginner entrepreneur and you're watching this, I I don't think you should do that cuz you don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing. Running cash flow businesses like info products, e-commerce stores, uh, and the lower levels, coaching businesses, a lot of the businesses you see on YouTube, a lot of the businesses that people tell you, consulting, uh, building an agency, I don't think they're great for building a 100 million uh, nine figure net worth. I just don't think they are. It's very hard to do. I did them for years, and the reason why I did them for years was cash flow. They cash flow very well. And so you can get to 50,000, 100,000, 150,000 a month with those type of business models. I in fact suggest you do because it's going to teach you the nuts and bolts of business. And if you go and raise money without having that type of experience, you're in for a parachute jump off a cliff, figure it out as you go kind of situation, which there are plenty examples of. If you look at Airbnb, you look at Zapier, you look at so many billion dollar SAS companies, they are from founders that never had really built a large business before. So it happens all the time. I'm just saying I like cash flow because I can go and not give away equity in my company. So that's what I would do. I would either raise money or I would build a cash flow business. Now, how do you build a cash flow business? There's so many videos and trainings on YouTube. And my advice to you is if you're a beginner entrepreneur right now, don't be skeptical and jaded as hell. You're going to buy a few courses. You're going to learn from a few people that are scumbags and not teach you the best information or it's going to be rehashed information or whatnot. This is just part of learning. It's fine. Like, it's literally fine. If you buy like a $1,000 course and it doesn't work out for you, that's fine. You're probably going to learn a lot from it. You're going to learn a lot from the marketing. You're going to try and get going and put in the reps. The way you get good at anything, jiu-jitsu, guitar, talking on YouTube, anything. YouTube, influencer marketing is another great way to cash flow is you just do it. You do it. You try the best way to learn. And when you learn, you apply it. Even the worst ecom courses, consulting courses out there will teach you something if you go and apply it. So, just don't worry about messing this part up. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Now, if you're an experienced entrepreneur, you already have business. You probably already have cash flow. What you do with that cash flow is you take it and you use it to build your business. For example, when I built Hyris, I was already making a million dollar per month in revenue, about $450,000 400,000 a month in cash for my businesses. And what I wanted to do is I didn't want to worry about lifestyle or anything whatsoever. Um, so what I did is I was living in a mansion at the time. I had a Lamborghini back then as well and all sorts of cool stuff. I was also making like onetenth what I'm making right now. In fact, right now I make more in a month than I used to in a year back then. But the way I was able to get to where I am right now was I sold out of stuff. I moved into a completely empty apartment with very very very little overhead compared to the income I was making was like $4,500 a month rent which seems like a lot but I was making over 100,000 couple hundred thousand a month then. And that allowed me to just dump all the cash in Hyru to build it. Now, Tyrros took about 100,000 a month to build in its upstarts to get the MVP up, but the initial product that we gave to customers, I could have built for like 20 $30,000. So, I'm just giving the spans of what we're looking at right here. And if you can't go and get 30 $50,000 into a business to test the product, maybe work on that purse so you have like a little bit of cash flow experience in business. This is just general knowledge. You can also just go straight for the raise if you're cocky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Plenty of people done, plenty of people made billions of dollars doing that. That's my suggestions for that. If any of that makes you uncomfortable, raising money or cash, guess what? If you want to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich, you're going to have to do things that other people don't want to do. A lot of people think it all comes from some idea or some nuance or something like that. The way people truly get rich is by doing things that other people don't want to do, which is working very hard and taking risk, okay? And then doing things that make people uncomfortable. There's a lot of people that work hard. For example, people that go and mow lawns, that's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. Like, have you ever worked at like a concession stand or as a grocery bagger? I was a firefighter at the time. That was work. Hard work doesn't equate purely to money. You also have to take risks. People that are mowing lawns are not taking any risk. You have to take risk and bet on stuff that might not work out. And then you have to do things that is uncomfortable. For example, I'm not pooping on people that mow lawns. You mow lawns. God bless you. Okay? Like that's hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. But going out there and doing a lot of jobs or labor doesn't make you uncomfortable. It's not it's not challenging to do those things. You don't wake up and go, "Oh, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this today." Like calling someone on the phone and selling something. You have to do something that makes you uncomfortable. Okay? It's those three things that make people rich. If you do those three things aggressively every single day for 10 hours a day, you're going to eventually make a lot of money. As for example, Alex Hamosi says, his number one lesson is that you need to do enough volume that it's unreasonable that you don't succeed. And that's probably the best advice you could give to anybody. Those are the things you need to put volume into on top of actually doing the actual thing. So that's number three. That's where you get the actual cash from. Now, here is the part where everybody messes up. It is product market fit. People have a very bad understanding of this because what product market fit is the point where you have a product that people really want. And I'm going to give you more definitions for it here in a second, but it's the part where people just really want to buy your product and like people are going to come to you even if your site's a little bit janky and buy the product and mass. They will tell their friends about it. They will tell their families about it. This is the part where you don't even have to do any marketing and your product will just grow. For example, school Sam Oven school. Um, again, another amazing entrepreneur. I' I've known him forever. Respect the hell out of the guy. school. He He made no ads because he's a cheeky motherucker like that and doesn't want to buy ad. I don't understand Sam. Nobody understands Sam. But he's a cheeky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. He wants to build businesses where he doesn't run ads. Okay. School. He got one customer, two customers, five customers. And then it just grew to a business that I think is probably valued at like 500 million to a billion right now without any advertising. That's product market fit. That's that's that'sing dick straight in the it's it's squeezy. It's tight. It's this channel is going to get banned off YouTube. Anyway, so what we want to do is we want to find that product market fit. Now, a lot of people are like, "All right, Alex, well, how do I know if I have product market fit or not?" You don't. You can't just sit down and like brainstorm if you have product market fit. It's like looking at a girl from across the room and like, "How can I make sure that I'm the perfect fit for her and she's going to love me and we're going to go get along very well?" Like, you can sit there and scheme and rub your hands together and and put lotion all over your hands all creepy enough in the corner. That was basically me at 20 years old. But you're not going to know. You have to go and find ways to dip your foot in the water. Now, I know you guys are all 5 foot2 virgins, and we're that's a whole other problem for the for another video, okay? I I don't I don't think I'm going to be able to fix your crippling virginity in this one video, guys. We got to focus on making you rich first. So, at least you can you can you can pay only fans girls to hang out with you for Instagram photos. Let problem number one, you're broke or you're not. Jokes aside, you're not making as much as money money as you want. If you're watching this, you're probably an experienced entrepreneur. I see you. Hopefully, you fixed the virginity thing. Anyways, so how do we do this whole product market fit thing? So there's a lot of things that people talk about and you've probably seen a few of these before, but I'm going to give you the creme de la creme of how to do this. So people talk about minimal viable product. Minimal via product is essentially that. It's the least you can possibly do to test your product idea. So for example, in Silicon Valley and a lot of tech companies, they'll make a software that's just literally a UI and it simulates the experience for the customer. Okay? So they'll have people come in and they'll test what is essentially just a fake product. Everything it's outputting is just like a it's it's pre-made. Okay. So, let's imagine like I I connected someone into a high-risisk account and I just show them like their ad results and like what it would look like and then and then pitch them the product and see if they would buy it. Okay. It's basically doing it in the cheapest way possible. So, I'm going to give you a few examples of this. So, when I first made Hyros with about within about 20 $30,000, we're able to make something that could track Facebook ads pretty efficiently. and I was using it for my business, but it wasn't, if you look at Hyris now, that is just some monster of a thing. It used to just be like a little Excel sheet and it would show you how much you spent and then how many sales came in. And this was like revolutionary at the time because everything tracking wise was just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And Ricky reports, I'm not going to sit here and talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about them, but it was very hard for people to grasp and understand. Tracking was not mainstream at the time. And I don't like to toot my horn too much, but I think Iris is what made tracking ads mainstream because of my marketing and the way I simplified it for most business to understand. Most people were not tracking their ads at the time. The only I was using like some winging Excel thing to track my ads. My buddy Sam, who was really like he got me into tracking my ads. He had like this complicated custom system that was built on segment. It was just bonkers at the time. Okay, so I'm I'm a I'm I'm the guy that made tracking mainstream. I'm taking that metal. Uh also the most humble YouTuber business advice guy six years straight. You guys all know. Anyways, what I did within about I don't know 20 $30,000 is I made that really simple thing. And the way I tested product market fit is I didn't sell the product. What a lot of people think is like how can I make this product or business and then start making money day one. That's completely irrational. You silly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you want to do that, go make a cash flow business. If you want to make a $100 million business, you want to make $10 million a year consistently where it flows in from an actual business that has moes and defensibility, which we'll talk about a little bit later on, you're going to need to build and test something. Now, on Moes, I'm just going to talk about this very quickly. The reason why we're building businesses like this is because it's hard. What a moat is is it stops people from getting into it. So, for example, when I was making e-commerce info products back in the day, there was like 500 new ones that popped up within two months of us having to top. and we made a really big e-commerce product. It was making a lot of money and within six months there was 50 competitors who were very competent. At Hyros, we had one competitor, Wicker Reports, and in the like the last decade we've been open, there's only been two or three that are really competent that I actually fear that it popped up. Um, and so like it's just we can really get our own parts of the market. These are Moes. Nobody wants to invest 510 million to build another high-risisk. No one wants to figure out all the tracking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we did to do it. And this applies to basically any business model. You have to have some level of investment and some complexity behind your business that prevents other people from getting into it. This is why drop shipping stores and a lot of businesses like consulting or agencies are hard to scale because at a certain point the market is really saturated due to those problems that I just mentioned. So we want we want a business where you you don't make money day one because you have to figure it the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. This is the whole this this jungle jargon stuff we're going through right now is the reason why these businesses make so much money is because nobody can replicate them. Okay, so I was able to put this out and what you don't want to do is sell it first. And I'll talk about how we get our first customers here in a minute. What you want to do is I hopped on calls with people and before I even have this built and we had the working product, I get in calls with people and I literally just had something like an Excel sheet that simulated what the product would do. And I sold the product to people. I got people from ads. I talked to people on Facebook and Facebook groups, people that knew me from the internet and I got on calls with them and I showed them the product and I pitched it and I wrote a pitch for it and everything and I said, "Would you buy this?" Okay? And then I pitched it, I pitched a dollar amount, I did the close, everything. And then at the very end of it, I said, "Well, you can't buy it right now." But I went through all of that. And so what happened right there on those calls, what I saw was when I pitched it certain ways, the first version of the product, people didn't really respond to. I tweaked it a little bit and suddenly people in the calls were saying, "Oh yeah, I'll sign up for that $250 a month. Here's my card right now." And I was like, "No, you can't buy it." But then what I kept doing is I kept increasing the price. I'm like, "Hey, all right. It's it's $1,000 upfront." People are like, "Oh, yeah. Here's my card. I'll buy it right now." I'm like, "It's $5,000 up front." They're like, "Oh, it's kind of steep, but here's my car right now. We really need to have this." And I'm like, "Okay, uh, for your business, you make a lot of money. It's going to be um 60,000 a year." Okay, cool. Yeah, we'll pay it up front. Like, here's my car right now. That's how I knew I had product market fit. I sold the product before I even had a product. I didn't take that money, of course. Like, don't do that. Um, but I was able to test it on sales calls first. Now, you can also use that method of testing the product and showing it to people and getting the response. But I think the best way to tell if you have a product market fit initially is selling the product and seeing if people will put their card down right then immediately without resistance. And you can keep upping the price. If people are trying to like haggle you on the price, so they're resistant to putting their card down, you don't quite have it. Keep going back to the drawing board. It should be something where people go, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need this now. I see how much more money this is going to make me or something. Their problem, whether it's sleep, whether it's their skin, they need to see it and say, "This is absolutely perfect for me. Please let me pay you for it." That's how you know you have product market fit. Now, let me give you a few other examples of product market fit you're going to see as you launch the product a little bit more. And this ties into getting your I have my notes over here, by the way. I'm not going to act like I have this all in my head. But you need to also gauge the customer's response. So, for example, Hyris right now and Hyris at the beginning, if I turned Hyros off, we would get so many angry messages right now. Like, it's insane. If I turn Discord off, if I turn Slack off, if I turn Stripe off, if I turn Zapier off, name anything that you have that your business relies on or you use every single day. For example, if my EightLe bed broke the other day and I was like pissed and like I I don't have the time to send customer support tickets, but like it was a real problem for me and I had to replace it right away. That's how you know eightle has a product market fit. Okay. So whether it's by getting your claws into the business and making it so everything breaks when they leave, which is what like HubSpot or like Infusion Soft back in the day did, whether it's being so damn useful they have to use it. Like Zapier for example, you just have to have the damn thing on like it turn if it breaks or turns off, you're in trouble and you're going to be messing them. That's one thing you need to see. The other thing is rabbit customers. Are these people telling their friends about it? Are they pumped about it? Are they actively messaging you helping you improve the product? Do they really care about it? One of the things that uh Wade Foster at Zapier saw when they were building that initial product is they would build the product and people started like hey I'll give you money right now and people were all over them about improving the product because they needed it so bad and people really cared about the product. So it's a combination of those things. People easily paying you people being really bad if you if you turn it off. That's always a great sign. People caring about the product. If people are leaving criticisms, feedback trying to help you improve the product, it's not because it's not a bad thing. That's a good thing because it means people care. If people are not leaving you tickets and criticisms, if they're not actively talking to your business constantly and offering suggestions and it's quiet and crickets, that's when you have a product that nobody cares about. Okay, so those are things that go into product market fit. Now, step number five, getting 10 rabbit customers. When I say get 10 rabbit customers, you're like, "Well, 10 customers doesn't sound like enough to make money, Alex." Yeah, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What you want to do is you need to go and through your sales methods that I just talked about through introducing this this product to people by talking about it online you're going to get 10 people in. And so for example at Hybrid we're launching a product called air right now. It's an AI product you put on your site. It uses a lot of our data to do all the remarketing for you and recognize your customers and then send them emails and messages pitching them what your business is selling based on what they were looking at and who they are. So, for example, let's say you run an e-commerce store right now and you go on the e-commerce page on Hyros. What's going to happen is ERA is going to recognize you. It's going to see that you own an e-commerce business. It's going to see you looking at the e-commerce page and it's going to look at all your tickets and everything you've interacted with on Hyros and it's going to send an email and a text message talking to you about the benefits of e-commerce, explaining how it relates to your business, showing you similar testimonials and trying to get you to book a call through various methods. You will even respond and talk back to you. Now, I'm just giving you all that because I secretly want to hint at you that you might be interested in the future. But on another note, how I have gone and developed this product is I'm just working with 10 customers that were original customers that absolutely love the air product. And so for the past six months, I've just been building this with them. They absolutely love it. They're telling their friends about it. They are obsessed with it. This is the same exact thing I did at Hyros. I got about 10 people that absolutely really needed ad tracking. Like they were rabid about it. Okay? I had a I had a buddy Dan Ryder who we met doing this and he worked with me for literally years on improving the product and telling me like what he needs for his business. We had about 10 other people like that and through that those 10 people we were able to develop a product just for them. And so what happened is one you want to be intentional with the beachfront you're going after. So who we originally made hybrid for was infomarketers or people that have call based businesses. So for example uh doctors um people that sell products over the phone. You ever seen a funnel where you book a call and sell the product over the phone? They run an ad, tell you to book a call. That's where Hyros really excels and that's what it wasn't being solved or um nurtured at all, especially by Wikked Reports at the time. Nobody could really track their phone calls and long-term revenue back to that. So, for example, with Hyros person books a call, you need to be able to track them all the way to the call and in everything they buy from you years after, track it back to that $1,000 you spent originally and see that ROI because you're not going to see that ROI immediately and you're definitely not going to track that on Facebook or whatever. It's a massive, massive problem. That was our beachfront. So, whether your beachfront is doctor's offices, gyms, whatever, be very thoughtful about that beachfront. Then get 10 rabbid customers that are really interested and you just work with them on it. You don't charge them. You just keep making the product for them and you keep developing and improving the product. This can be any product whether it's a sleep product, a skincare product. You keep working with them. Let's say you make a skincare product for men who are 55 and are suffering from crows feet or something like that. You keep improving the product, not just the product or formula itself, but how they like it, the brand itself, how easy it is for them to get it in the mail, how easy it is for them to open a damn thing, everything. And you just use their suggestions. They're going to keep feeding you data and feeding you information and feeding you information that's going to develop the product into the best possible product for these 10 people. Okay. So through Hyros, our product evolved and eventually became the best damn thing for tracking info or information products or call-based businesses. And then we use the same process for largecale e-commerce stores. We don't really focus on like tiny Shopify stores uh because they don't really have that much basis or tracking problems, but really large stores need to track their subscriptions or long-term revenue. That's where we go after in e-commerce and Shopify. Triple whale completely dominates the smaller end market and they did a super good job of that. We don't try to mess with them there. And we also go after really specific things. It's really important to know what the focus of your business is versus your competitors. For example, like triple is really analytics based. It's more like a dashboard. Hy is 100% pure tracking and tracking people for years and attributing all the revenue with intense accuracy. That's where we really excel at. So you got to pick your like your edge. Don't go and chase your competitors, chase your customers. Anyways, these 10 customers are going to help you develop a product that's perfect for them. And then what's going to happen is these 10 customers are going to start telling everybody about it because it's perfect for them. And what you don't realize about these 10 customers is if the market is a $5 billion market, there is a hund00 million of revenue out there from people that are just like those 10 customers. So if you can make these people absolutely in love with your product, they're going to slowly tell people and you're going to start absorbing this market. So when high-risisk started to grow and we got it good enough that these 10 customers were telling everybody about I just had DMs from everybody saying hey can we get on the high-risisk can we buy and so we like we had like a waiting list to get in just by doing this and this is why you focus on the 10 customers first. You make them love it and and if you're not at the point where people are DMing you to get into your product, you haven't pleased these 10 people enough or the market's too small. The market should not be too small. You shouldn't make that mistake. So the next part is starting to sell the product itself. So, what you want to do at this point in time is you really want to be working on your your pitches and the actual sales of the product. So, at High-Res, for example, we had people coming in from sales calls. And so, if people wanted to get on the product, they had to book a sales call and they had to go through it. So, not only do you want to find or the best pitch and the best way to sell a product, this is when you're working on the copy of your site and improving the product because you're working off this momentum of those initial 10 people. So, you shouldn't have too much trouble like getting calls and people to come at least check out the product. This is when you work on the proc and you start finding like the pricing and everything that makes sense. High roasters are such a good mark product market fit. We could require people to pay a year upfront. You really want to find niches that are so underserved that you can do this because it makes it really easy to run with ads. So, for example, if I was running an autoresponder, my competitors are selling free trials. It's going to be really hard for me to get people to spend $500 upfront, much less $10 to come try to propy roast. There was nothing serving. The problem is so big that we could charge 3500, $5,000, $6,000 upfront. No problem. This made it so that we ran money in ads. We broke massive profit on the ads because we're billing for an entire year up front. That's one just general tip I want to give you when you're starting your business. If you're selling skincare or a bed or anything like that, if you can find some way to package everything in a year up front based around the testimonials of those 10 customers, you're going to be doing very well. Now, how do you really get people to the edge to pay that amount? You use the testimonials from those 10 customers and the results. For example, the first 10 customers at high-risisk, I could show revenue increases on their ads of anywhere from 10, 15% all the way up to 150%. So, we could just go through all of them and when we're on the call pitching people, yes, we could go and pitch them and do the typical sales call routines that you see all over YouTube. But more importantly, what we're able to do is fall back on the ridiculous amount of testimonials. Now, when you sell the product as well, give an insane guarantee. If your product doesn't work or customer doesn't get results of your product, you don't keep their money. Like this is something that a lot of people are confused about when they're being a business like, "Well, if people want to get a refund, you don't keep your money. You can't build a business where like 10% of your customers are unhappy. They're just going to end up all over like negative sites and just tear your business to the ground. There's no point in trying to scale business or you have people refunding or not getting results. So, you might as well just give a crazy guarantee." So, our pitch at Hyros was of course the typical sales pitches you see. Look how much money you're gonna make from your ads and whatnot. Here's 10 testimonials backing up. We will let you come on board. You pay for it right now, but if you don't see results at all, like the refund guarantee right now is 90 days, but we really just are like, "Hey, if you don't see results and your business doesn't grow, you don't pay for it." And we've honored that to today. And we obviously wouldn't have a business if we couldn't do that. Like, that's that's one of the reasons that gets people across in sales calls. So, you use those testimonials from your 10 customers. You use basic sales pitches and you improve them. You get whatever you're going to be doing, whether it's copywriting, whether it's getting people on calls, you just work like hell on that. And then you go and make ridiculous guarantees on your product that you can back up and the customer doesn't pay for it. And that's what gets people across the edge in the finish line. You send them the skincare and if they don't see their crows feet removed, they don't pay for it. If you send them the bed, the mattress, whatever, if they don't sleep better, they don't pay for it. The end. And if you're thinking, well, that will make me lose money. Well, why are you selling a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] product where people don't get results? Like, what are you trying to do? You think you're going to build a $100 million business where like people consistently get your product and don't get results and you just like, I'm going to keep your money anyways. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. It's not going to work very well. So, don't even try. Just be super fluid with your refund guarantees. I see all these info marketers and agency owners and they have like tricky tricky tricky refund guarantee things. And trust me, I've done that in the past, too. That doesn't work. You can't scale like that. You don't it just people are unhappy and people are you don't you can't make a business work like that long term. It just doesn't work. You can't scale it. So, now comes the fun part. All right. So, you have a product. It's selling. You're having initial people coming in. If you're being smart with it, you're actually probably making some money to then reinvest in the product. So, at this point, hyros quickly got to like $100,000, $200,000 a month in revenue coming in. And that allows to just really reinvest back in the product. So, what you do at this point in time is one, reinvest. You shouldn't be taking money right here. If you're taking money, you're a silly goose. Are you trying to build a $100 million business? Are you trying to build some wing-ding internet marketing lifestyle business? They're two very different things. If you want to be worth $100 million or making $10 million a year consistently uh from happy customers, you're going to need to build something. You're going to need to build something special. You're not going to be able to do that without reinvesting. If you want to make some wing-ding internet marketing product where you cash flow and keep 90% of the money, by all means, go do that. You're not probably ever going to be worth $100 million. You're probably not ever going to consistently make over $10 million a year or whatever factored for inflation in the future. That's fine. Like, you want to make like a million, $2 million a year, do it by all means. you want to make a ton of money, you're going to have to do some things that other people don't want to do, which is reinvesting in your business, the product, based on the feedback of your customers and aggressive customer success. I think the thing that we actually sold at Hyros wasn't tracking. Our tracking is the best, but the thing we sold actually was the best customer success. See, our competitor at the time, Wiker Reports, they you basically sign up and it would just be like, "Hey, figure it out." What we did is when somebody bought at Hyros instantly were turned over to a onetoone customer success manager who literally chased them around until they got set up and then looked at the results. I was even setting up people's accounts, a lot of accounts and I was doing reviews on people's results and then sending them the reviews. The first let's say 100 customers I helped them set up and then what I did is I looked at the results and I showed them the results they were getting because they didn't know how to read them. Okay? Then I trained my head of support, Peter, to go and do this. And he he trained other reps and everybody to do this. And we had the best customer support team and still do in the entire industry. The reason why Iris was very successful is because A, we reinvested. B, we went massive hard on customer success. Three, we constantly listen to the customer because the hardest hardest hardest challenge in all of tracking is getting people to set it up because it's complicated. You have to figure out where these little gaps in your businesses are and where the customer support gaps are and just be the best. Zapos grew to a billion-dollar company by being the best customer support in shoes. So, you should just go absolutely handboard on this. So, what you want to do is you want to find the best possible customer support lead you can or a lot of times what you're going to see is a lot of the customer support people you initially hire, you're going to find a few gems. For example, our head of customer support uh customer success or chief customer success, Peter, started as a base success uh success agent. Now, he has uh I believe almost seven figures in equity and hyros. He makes really really good money. If you're watching this, you're an employee. Don't think you can't make good money being an employee, too. Now, why do you do this? Why do you do this? Well, one, word of mouth. That's you want to grow through word of mouth. What a lot of people try and do when they're trying to build a business like mine is like, tell me the advertising strategy. I don't spend that much money on ads at high-risisk compared to other businesses. For example, at our info business, I was spending like 25,000 30,000 a day. At high-risisk, I spend like $2,000 a day and I I it's kind of tongue-in-cheek. Now, there's some reason for that because the market size and amount of customers and tracking isn't that big. It's a very big market moneywise, but there's really only 100,000 people in the world that buy media online. So, I can reach all of them with very little ad spend on Facebook, which is again something you want to figure out when you're looking at the market. Think about the ad size and who you can easily reach. That being said, what you want to grow through is word of mouth. At Hyru, 90% of our sales come from other people suggesting Hyros or telling their friends about it. That's number one. That's how you want to grow. Once you start doing that, it snowballs and then you don't even have to run ads. Like, have you ever seen an ad for Zapier or Slack? No. Okay, that's number one. But two is they give you the most lethal form of advertising on planet Earth, which is testimonials. So, our pattern was we'd bring people on board, we'd be absolute animals with getting them set up, and we still are to this day. Like, you come on Hyru, you're tracked like a rabid beast in the jungle. you like get a tag and we know everything you're doing, all your behavior, whether it looks like you're going to churn or not, whether you're using the software, whether you're not, where you're getting caught up at, what you're looking at. We know everything about you. And customer support agents are going to chase you down and threaten you with love if you don't uh complete certain tasks. And they're going to make sure you complete that because customer success is very important. But the process that we add on top of that is after we got people set up, after we were maniacal about getting them set up, what we then did is we went for a testimonial. It's part of the completion process of this. So you get people on, you get them the you get them on board with your product. You get them using it. You get them the result and you go for a testimonial. Then you can actually ask for referrals too and give people affiliate links which is another great strategy. But the testimonials are the main thing because what do you do with these testimonials? This is where you scale the business. Number eight, a lot of people are like, Alex, what do you put in your advertising? How do you get people from your ads to convert? And so people try like they look at old scripts and they like look at my landing pages and stuff. No, no. I just blare through a megaphone results. Like, hey, it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. We guarantee it. You have 90 days. If you don't see this result, you don't pay for it. You don't need a good advertising pitch when you have that. Like, hey, here's a thousand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] results of what you want to do. And if you don't get that result, you don't pay for it. Come try it. That's the best advertising on planet Earth. And so, what you do with these results is two things. You run advertising on Facebook and YouTube advertising [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you see any of my ads, I've been running like the same ads for like 5 years now. It's me at a desk being like, "Hey, do you want to make more money from your ads? Hey, here's like 5,000 results. Hey, you can pace us on your site and you'll make more today. Here's 5,000 more results proving it. Come, you don't have to pay for it if you don't get results." That's the ad. So, what happens at that point is one, you're going to start getting a lot of customers curious about it. And if you can deliver those results, it's going to flywheel. You're going to have customers that come on, they're happy, they tell your friends, and it just flywheels. So your ads, every customer you get generates two to three more customers. But here's where it gets really fun and sassy. What you then do is you have enough credit and street cred and results to go to big influencers and major businesses and say, "Hey, here's all these results. If you come on board, I'll let you use the product for free. We'll get you these results and if you like it, you give us a testimonial and uh maybe you pay us for in like a year." So, I was able to go to all these big businesses like Tony Robbins and Playboy and, uh, Bodybuilding.com. And we just, if you look at our site, we have basically every influencer, um, countless businesses that run CallFunnels and stuff, really large e-commerce companies. And so we do is we go to all those companies and we just say, "Hey, use it for free, you like it, get results, maybe leave us a testimonial, and then we can talk about you paying us in like a year." All those businesses just now pay us, but in the beginning, we just didn't charge them. We got them on board. We got the testimonials from them and then guess what we do with those testimonials? We advertise them. This process right here, if you repeat this flywheel, you can see that we built a product that is perfect for the customer that they love, that they get involved with, that they get a result from. Then we advertise that result and the flywheel just keeps getting bigger and bigger because every customer we add on starts adding more and more customers and then we add big customers and that adds more and more customers. And this point it's we're really not doing anything different all the way up to 40 $50 million in revenue. You're literally just doing the same thing over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. And the fly will keep spinning. And it's just your job to keep evolving the business and improving the business as it grows. Which leads to our final steps which is guess what? I'm going to give you more than 10 steps here which is step nine. And this sounds funny because this is where people sort of get lost. Their business grows and what they do is they forget about their first core 10 customers and they start trying to chase competitors. This is really easy to do. So, you might see a lot of businesses that start off really well and then they start adding all these crazy features and everything that that doesn't really make sense. Um, I'm sure you've seen those like software companies or they start adding all these additional products and stuff just like try and make more money. No, no, no, no, no. If your if your market's big enough, you go back to those 10 customers and those are or you should have 100 200 customers that absolutely love you and you just get them all together. You give them rewards for giving you feedback. For example, we have like a private group with our best customers and we give them all sorts of benefits or access to data or little discounts here and there, prizes, little metal rabbins, shirts, anything. You know, if they want a hand job, they can't get hand jobs. This isn't that type of business that's illegal in the United States. But anything short of a hand job, you got it. Maybe a little slap in the bun. Whatever they're into, it's going to be on Twitter now. Alex gives sexual favors for testimonials. Blur out there. People love to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Apparently, my humbleness has been triggering people recently on the internet. Anywh who, you go back to these customers and you do what made them happy and you just keep doing it better. So, one thing we did at Hyris that was a mistake at first is we kept adding like new features and new stuff when really 90% of our customers come on and they want to see their tracking working 100% of the time and they want to see it in the Facebook ad manager. For example, if you look the Facebook ad manager, we put our tracking right there and that's like the feature that everybody loves. And so, I think about what features are people using the most and what are they obsessed with and I talk to them and say, "What can we do better?" Then you just make those features better. For example, if you've ever used Slack, you've used the base features of Slack. Think about Discord, Telegram, um any any products you use every single day on your phone, Uber. What do you use any of those products for? How do you use them? You probably use like one or two features over and over and over again. And if those features are clunky, you get upset. If those features are working smoothly, you don't use anything else. So, what you do with any product you have is you focus on the things that people love and you make them 10 times better. That's that's what you just do. And you can do that all the way to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moon. Just do that. Just do it over and over again. I don't have anything else to add to that. keep focusing on your customers and keep expanding into your niche and do what you do better. It'd be so easy for us to chase Triple Oil, for example, and their analytics dashboards and the things they're doing in e-commerce. We're not going to do that. That's not our company. That's not what our customers love. It could be so easy for us to go deeply analytical like Northbeam and make some big giant complicated enterprise analytic system. I don't know what they're doing really over there. That's just what the vibe I get from Bren. We're not doing that. I don't go log into their dashboards and look. I look at what my customers want and I talk to them every single day and I just build that. If you go look at go high level, Sean Clark literally how he made that a billion dollar company is he focused on agencies. Agencies love them and he just kept talking to them and building features that the agencies wanted and just asking them every day what they wanted. They give him feedback, complaint, and he build around it. Go High Level is a billion-dollar company right now and it's just you probably never even heard of Sean Clark. And he just did that over and over again. The final step I'm going to give you is at this point if you've done this you're making you're making $10 million in income or you have a multiple eight figureure company and I've done my job and your company's worth $100 million and then at that point once you've made a $100 million company company come on over to Hyros try out air our new AI product try our tracking it's just going to make even more money okay I think I've earned your business at that point once you've made $100 million from this video but the last thing I'm going to give you is just a little piece of advice of going forward is the way software and tech and any products are moving doing right now is is extremely competitive. And so what you need to do for your customers and the last thing you need to take away as you grow and scale forward is you need to keep reinventing yourself and earning your customers every single year. What a lot of businesses do and the way they get beaten and the way I beat a lot of my early competitors is they didn't keep earning their customers. They made something that they liked at first and they just let it sit and then they just started making money from it. No, no, no, no, no. You need to go and keep making something. Uh one doubling down on your first customers, but then also thinking like what's the future? Where is this industry going to be in six months or year? For example, at Hyros, I think in the future, every customer on your website or every customer that comes to your website is going to have a onetoone interaction. I think that's the future of marketing. There's no longer going to be email blast. There's no longer going to be mass templates sent out. Um, we're not going to have reps contacting people with lack of information and we're and we're not going to have a world where people come to websites and they just don't have experience that's not custom suited to them. So where I think the future of marketing going is every single visit to a website is going to be a unique experience where the person is reached out to based on everything about them. Every message to them is going to be custom fit. The page is going to be custom fit to them. The emails they're going to respond be custom fit from and the responses and speed of which they're able to communicate and figure out about the business is going to be instant through AI. I think that's the future of marketing. And so that's where I'm moving Hyros to on top of focusing down on our core product. So look, the last advice I gave was focus on the cores and what your initial customers want. Yes, what customers want at Hyros is the ability to press a button and make more money. You have to figure out what people want at your business. I'm going to tell you if you have a B2B product, that's really what people want. They want to press a button, do nothing, and make more money. That's what B2B is. You're selling money. You're selling $250 for $50. That's all you're doing. If you have a product in ecom or anything else, what people want is results without effort. Okay? They want that big pain salt with as little effort as possible. So you keep doubling down on that and I told you keep doubling down on that but you also have to think where is this industry going. Now e-commerce always evolves through different angles. So for example you always see like a hot new skincare product or what's what's happened in e-commerce was it got taken over by influencers really and so a lot of businesses that saw that influencer trend coming were able to go and take their business to the moon by those different angles and niches. So that's kind of what I would suggest in e-commerce. Like think of how the marketing is going to be different. Think of how you can separate your product from the others and gain that edge. For example, if you look at liquid death, they envision a new way to sell water. If you look at Kylie Jenner's original company where she made all that money off skincare, she envisioned a new way to sell skincare. So there you go. Now in tech and B2B, you have to think about where the industry is going to be in two years. And then what you do is you build a product for where it's going to be in two years. Okay? So if you look at some of the best AI companies right now, they started building the AI products before the market was ready for the products and then before chat GPT and the AI was actually capable of providing the results for the product. They waited a year, year and a half for chat GBT and the AI to catch up and the market to understand it and then their product clicked there. For example, there's a legal uh company I forgot what it was called that recently sold I think for 600 million or 1.2. It's either one of those numbers. 600 million between what's the difference, you know, it's only a gap. But they were able to go and get that because when Chat GBT first launched and like people were like kind of poking at it, nobody really knew what it was. They were building a legal or basically a junior legal aid or whatever out of the software where you could go search cases and do all the things like that. And it didn't really work at first, but about a year after they started building it, chat GPT caught up and evolved. technology did and then it clicked and they were able to go and build this legal thing where lawyers were like, "Holy crap, this replaces all of our aids. Um, we don't have to have the lower level lawyers at the company anymore and it was able to replace overnight." Boom. Shot up to a $600 million exit in like a year. So, those are pretty good results. And that's how you want to think about your business and moving it forward. That's what I'm doing at Hyris right now. And this kind of this step-by-step process I just gave you takes you to where we are currently right now with the company. If you enjoy this video, subscribe. I'm going to be giving my subscribers tons of free stuff in the future. If you're not a subscriber, I hate you and I don't want anything to do with you and you will get nothing. Also, follow me on Instagram at Formbecker because I'm releasing all sorts of content and stuff there now, too. Uh, it would be really cool and I'm really bad at Instagram marketing. So, if you could just pity me and give me follows there, I'd really appreciate it. So, that's all I have in this video. And if you're looking at how to get better at business and improve your ability to do business, here's a video on how to get really good at business very quickly and make a lot of money if you're a complete beginner or even no vice. It shows why you're not making the money you want on top of just not following these steps. This is a really, really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video and it will be very helpful for you. I'm really proud of it. You should watch after this video.