Title: How I Brainwashed Myself Into Being Rich AF
Video ID: YXykmSflTpY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXykmSflTpY
================================================================================

All right, you degenerate piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like the title says, I'm going to be brainwashing you, Illuminati, indoctrinating you today to become rich. And I, your administrator, your doctor, and by far the most qualified on planet Earth to do this because, as you may not know, let's be frank, of course, you know, I'm kind of, you know, a big deal. But this mindset and indoctrination process I've given you allowed me to build a multi-million dollar net worth in my early 20s, a nine figure net worth in my early 30s, and right now closing in on a multi-figure net worth, which at least makes me not the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] person on planet Earth to tell you how you should be thinking and how you should be tweaking your mind if you want to go from being a broken private jets, which frankly, if you've ever flown private, not the best idea. Very small quarters. Everybody look at you awkward when you come to the bathroom and the toilet, let's be frank, doesn't flush too well, so it's going to be very awkward for the next person in there. But you won't care because you'll be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich and the only fans girls you're flying to Dubai with will just have to put up with it. This brainwashing technique actually allowed me to come out of the military in my early 20s completely broke and build a multi-figure net worth. Later in my 20s, build a multi-ight figure net worth. And best of all, I don't have a course or anything to sell you because I'm already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich. Just enjoy the sauce. And all the things I talked about tactics-wise and building businesses here, they're all linked to below this video again for free on other videos on this YouTube channel cuz this place is just the truth. You should subscribe. Let's begin. So, look, brainwashing hyperbole aside, if you want to become rich and successful, it's not going to come down to some Tony Robbins ha coup, some mental masturbation you're going to do and some thing you tell your in your mirror every single morning. It's going to come down to work and actually applying techniques and skills to go and make money. That being said, if you view money and the making of money and the understanding of how it's possible to make money in a completely wrong way, you're not going to make money in the first place. The way that society and most people understand and look at money is just fundamentally wrong. So, while understanding this isn't going to make you the big bucks, you're not going to be able to move forward unless you have this understanding. So this is what you need to do because if you don't get past these things right here, these five specific things I'm going to share with you, five things, you really don't have a chance in hell of doing this. So the first thing you need to understand about all of this is that making money is not a special thing. It's actually completely normal. Lots of normal people do it. Lots of normal people become rich. And in actually once you get it down is not something that's even particularly hard to do. Let me explain this because you need to get past this. Number one, also if you're liking this video, I used to make I don't anymore, but I used to make lots of courses that taught people all the techniques I use to make money. Copywriting ads, how I sell products, my exact sales funnels, everything. I'm going to be giving those away to all my subscribers at a certain subscriber count. If you are not subscribed, when that happens, our AI will not scrape you up. You will not get those courses. So, subscribe and like the video. My most engaged followers, you're going to get all the stuff. You're not subscribed, I don't like you. So, you're getting nothing. So, back to the video. So, look, when I was in the military, flat ass broke, I was making like$24, $30,000 per year, which in today's dollars is like $952,000 per year. Money's inflated a little bit, but whatever. That's fine. Back then, I was broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I remember going and getting bar tabs and I'd spent like $150 a night and I was horrified and bank always overd it. It was a bad time. All right, that being said, why was there I remember people in the military, there were civilians there and they're making like 70,000 bucks a year and I thought that was like the epidome of success. I was like, "Holy moly." And then like one guy even made like six figures in the year. I'm like, "Oh my god, if I could just do that, oh my goodness." So, first thing you have to get about this is that the way I viewed money was in a very limited frame. And I thought making even low amounts of money was incredible. And I thought people being able to go and build businesses or even become employees to get paid several hundred,000 500,000 million per year. I thought that was impossible. something that's reserved for like Jedi Knights who go to college for eight years and do some impossible tax task and have LeBron James like talent. And so when you think about money like this and you think about it as some big impressive thing instead of what I'm about to show you it actually is, you're not going to go out there and pursue that. Who's going to stop what they're doing? Stop this societal path of college, getting a career, working a job that you probably don't like, and making less money than you want, but safe, comfortable money, which is what most people's goal is, and why they stay where they are. Why are you going to leave all that if you believe you're hopping into some chamber or some some journey that's impossible and requires the .01% of human behavior and skills and peak athletic ability to achieve, you're just not going to do it. Here's the simple truth. I've been doing this for 15 years. I have seen so many people that are actually stupid make millions of dollars. I've seen so many people go from zero to making millions of dollars per year that I couldn't even count it on all my fingers. I couldn't even count it if I had hundreds of fingers. I've seen it so many times. And what making money is is simply a skill like anything else. Playing guitar, learning jiu-jitsu, learning how to paint, drawing, I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. Playing World of Warcraft. Have you guys ever gotten good at a video game? It's exactly the same thing. what people do since money is so deeply connected to our egos and our sense of self and also taps into our survival instinct because in our society if you get down to zero dollars are bankrupt you're technically dead in societal terms. So you're playing with almost your life force when we're thinking about money and that's how it looks to a lot of people especially when you're at lower incomes. That's kind of what it is. You run out of money, you're in deep trouble unless you're one of those people that just accepts living on welfare which in America we're just happy to hand out here. So you're technically not even going to die. You could just go on welfare and start a business from there. Alex Becker tip of the day. Get on welfare. That that's that's video concluded. But backing up, what you must first get and how you must view making money and growing as money is simply something like playing guitar. If you sit down and practice guitar for 4 hours a day in a strategic way, you're going to get good enough on guitar to play in front of people and play music and you're going to be good enough to be good. Now, when you are making money to make maybe $100 million a year, build a $100 million net worth, you're going to have to be really really really damn good at it. To make $500,000, a million dollar per year, you're going to have to be like high school football player good at your sport. For example, not not so terrible that you're on the the sidelines the entire time, but good enough that you can play in like the lowest leagues. not going to have to reach some level of talent that is not unreachable to any person out there unless you're running around with some Spongebob Squarepants 60 point IQ. This is achievable for you and it's been done by millions and millions of people and it's going to just come down to repeating simple processes over and over again to improve your skills and eventually it's just going to happen. So get that through your head first. Now before we get into actual techniques and things you should be doing per se, the best way to change your mind in this this type of thinking strategy I just talked about is you need to go and associate with people about two to three levels above where you are. So for example, I myself at my net worth and everything I'm doing, if you try to associate with me, I'm going to throw pie at you and get the ick from your poorness. Don't don't come within 50 feet of me. I don't associate with the masses anymore. But serious note, that's just going to be the only thing that people take away from this video. They're going to quote that. Put that on Twitter. Alex Becker is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There we go. Take the sound bite. But what I mean by two to three levels above you. If you go and try and message people when you're making nothing and they're making a couple million or million dollars per year, you're just it's just not going to work out. You don't network that way and it's not even beneficial to you because they can't even communicate to you things you understand. What you want to do when you're first starting out is there's tons of forums, groups, entrepreneur groups of people that are just getting started all the way to people that are probably making 100,000, 200,000 a year, maybe even 50,000 a year. Just people that have really gone and started out. I also really want to stress as you watch this video, you don't have to be an entrepreneur to make a lot of money. I have employees that are approaching eight figures net worth through working with me at Hyros just by having equity in the company. So, if you are just really damn good at something that makes businesses money, you can still make a lot of money as employees. Don't let me make you think this is a entrepreneur only video. Regardless, you need to go and associate with people that are in these levels and thinking this way and stop associating with people that are not. When I was growing up, I love my parents. I love my family. I love all my friends. But they are completely they were completely indoctrinated or uh believers in the typical life path. Do well in school, go to college, get a job, slowly work your way up to moderate decent income, and then retire at 50, 60, whatever. I'm not here to pick on that path. And I'm not here to pick on people that think like that. But you're not going to start thinking the correct way to make a lot of money if those are the people that you hang out with and talk about money with. You're going to do that by hanging out with people that only think about growing and making more money. You want to go and find the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goblins on the internet who are just rubbing their hands together trying to get rich no matter what and hang out with them. And what you're going to see constantly is a you're going to see a lot of people go from zero to making that type of money. And you're just going to realize, oh, this happens all the damn time. Most importantly, you're also going to start associating with people who are constantly trying and and feeding and talking with you and helping you kind of level up. They're not going to be like helping you like mentoring you. Stop looking for that. You just want to find people that were the room or the culture of beliefs in the group is this is how money works and this is how you make money and you're going to slowly fall into that and you're just going to slowly start believing and operating in that way that everybody else in the groups are doing. So, Facebook groups, some of the guru make money groups. I know a lot of people hate Andrew Tate, but if you look at like his real life.com, I'm not or real world or whatever it's doing. I'm not suggesting go join that, but it's a good example of lots of people that are at least trying to make it and people that are semi- makingaking it to getting some level of success. There's thousands of groups out there. There's free groups, there's Discord groups, there's channels of people, there's uh school groups. You can go join Alex Hermosy's school groups. You can go to the endless places. just seek this out and associate with these people and get in groups where the belief works like this and stop hanging around people or at least taking anybody that thinks differently seriously. You can still have normie friends, but just like don't the way they view the world is just incorrect and wrong. If that's who you're spending and sharing most of your beliefs with, you're going to be wrong as well. Now, here's the next thing that people get wrong with this. They try to make money while still not making money the focus of their lives. Should money be the focus of your life? is is is money all that life comes down to. That's up to you. You your view of life doesn't actually really matter. It can be completely different. It could be completely wrong. We're all going to die and forget everything. So, whatever you think is important is important. I'm not here to debate your life view and Echar told you on the proper way to view the world. That's not it. But for a time and being, if you want to have financial control in your life to the point where you don't have to worry about money and you can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want whenever you want, if that's your goal, that's not really that hard of a goal to reach. You need about $5 million in net worth to do that for life depending on where you live. That's very achievable, especially if you're young right now. So, the most important thing at this time in your life while you're trying to go and gain access to this financial control is you make it purely the most important thing and you remove all things out. The secret to growth and really getting good at anything is not adding bunches of things to your life. It's not going and doing some morning routine. It's not going and attending 15 Tony Robbins events. It's simply removing everything except the thing you want to do. So, for example, if you're a young guy or something that worked very well for me is when I really wanted to settle down and get to the next level in entrepreneurship, I sold everything. Moved into an empty apartment with just a desk and a bed and I moved to a city where I didn't have my family. I didn't really know anybody there. So, I had nothing else to do and I didn't have any video games or anything accessible or anything to distract me. I didn't even have a television. And all there was was just the work improving at the work improving my software company and growing. And that time period right there is what took me from eight figures to nine figures. It would also very much benefit you and you do it much much faster if you're going from zero to say 500,000 a year to a million dollars per year. So what do I mean if I could put this all into a tactic? If you're a young guy, young gal, the two girls that watch this channel, hello. Great to see you. I'm happy. I'm happy you haven't me yet. What you want to do is, for example, move to Wyoming. Get a stupid dirt cheap apartment next to a grocery store where you don't have to have a car. Maybe make sure there's a gym nearby or just go in the woods and lift rocks like a real man. That's what I do. Go workout with the squirrels. Just you and a bunch of raccoons. Have it like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snow white moment in the woods lifting logs and rocks and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's exactly what you need to do. But once you removed everything from your life, I'm just picturing that. It's making me giggle. Once you've removed everything from your life, if you just have that computer, a bed in the corner, you're just going to wake up every single day, do whatever freelance work you need on to do online or do whatever cheap work, go work at theing grocery store and pack groceries, you'll be able to afford the apartment just fine then. And then whatever free time you have, you're just working on improving your skills as an entrepreneur or a very highlevel employee. So what I mean by like a highle employee, for example, the CTO at my company is a multi-millionaire now. uh because he's actually done this with a lot of different companies, very successful man, but he's a multi-millionaire because he got really really good at coding and developing software and then he got really really good at hiring on developers and building teams of developers underneath him and so that allowed him to be the CTO of our company and also spawn off or do like freelance work for lots of other companies and get cuts of their companies. So he's technically an employee of a lot of different companies, but he still makes a f ton of money. So you can do the same exact thing here, different strategy than entrepreneurship, but you can see it's really just comes down to mastering your craft to a point where you can really impact businesses. So backing it all up though, when you remove everything from your life, and there's videos below here on absolute removal on how to achieve that, video games, distractions, friends, any financial weights, getting your your lifestyle as cheap as possible, how just move to Thailand, do freelance work online, and live for 150 bucks a month next to a Muay Thai studio so you can actually learn how to fight at the same time, too. perfect leveling area for a new entrepreneur. Do that and then remember the most important thing in your life right now is becoming successful and making money. Yes, maybe when you're in your 30s, your 40s, or whatever, you can chill out a little bit and hang out with your kids if that's your goal. You can just chill out and do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want, but you're never going to be able to do that unless you master money. And you're going to spend the rest of your life needing money. The rest of your time here, the next 50, 60, 10, 15, I don't care how many years of your life needing this money. And if you are not good at making it, you're going to have a bad time. Period. The end. There's nobody out there that is just terrible at making money that has a comfortable, stress-free life. You need to get to a level of confidence, and it's the most important thing. So, make it the most important thing. Finally, the last thing, and I talk about this in another video on how to go improve this, so you should go watch this video immediately after on how to actually break money down into skills and then learn each of these skills step by step. I even break down the most important skills you should learn if you want to get to a million dollars a year as fast as possible. That's linked below this video. But the last way you need to view money and the thing that's going to make you very successful is viewing money like for example learning guitar or if you're a dork playing World of Warcraft which you know I am. I've gotten very good at it. Excellent tank the world's greatest healer. But I'm not here to brag about that as you know most humble YouTuber. But if you've ever gotten good at anything, getting good at making money is the same exact thing. And it comes down to this basic component which will be explained more in the video below or be linked at the end of this video. So picture this. If you want to get good at guitar and say you've done everything I've talked about already in this video, you're going to associate with good guitar players so you can actually like learn and get really interesting, get all the cultural beliefs. But then what you're going to do is you're going to start trying to play songs. And if you want to get better at guitar, let's say you go and learn how to play Nirvana, and it's a very easy song to play. Obviously, you're not going to get any better at playing guitar or reach any level of town if you just sit around and play that song over and over again. So, you're going to pick harder songs and harder songs and harder songs and try and learn more advanced techniques and you practice that every single day. What a lot of people don't do with money is they don't view it like that. What you need to do is you need to go and practice the basics and that's going to involve losing a little bit of money or spending time without getting results. The most important thing when it comes to learning about making money is to not focus on making money as a result. Focus on growth. For example, if you're playing guitar, you shouldn't hold being able to play a complete song in front of people and get paid for it as your metric of success. Especially when you're starting off, you should hold your metric by watching your finger movements improve and watching your skills improve every single day. If you focus on that, you will eventually get to that point where you're playing guitar in front of people and able to make money and talented enough at it. But that's not a good way to look at it because you're just going to fail for ever and ever and ever and ever if you look at that end result versus feeling success and gratification at the main thing which is the improvement of your skills. Same thing with money. Focus on the core skills which I point out in the video below and will be linked to at the end of this video 100% for free. That's going to help you grow and do that. And so every single day you wake up and say, "I'm going to improve at these skills and I'm going to go and apply them at all costs. I'm going to get these skills no matter if I lose a little bit of money doing it." The most important thing is my skill growth and that I'm better at it today than I was tomorrow. Eventually, you're going to be better at today so much that you start making money. And it's just going to happen. And from then on in your life, it's going to be semi-trivial for you to make a certain amount of money. And as you get better and better, it becomes trivial to make certain amounts of money. For example, back in the day, making a million dollars per year in internet marketing very hard for me. Now, making many million dollars a month is almost trivial for me. I'm trying to make, you know,5 $10 million a month. That's really my my next goal. And making, you know, $100,000 a day or something like that. It's it's something I don't even have to think about doing. It's going to be the same way with any amounts of money. And all I'm doing right now, you have to understand what I just described might seem farfetched to other people. I've just been improving at my skills every single day that I'm at a level of ability that it's not too hard. The momentum and ability that I'm at makes it fairly simple to me. And I'm not putting in much more work than anybody else is. For example, if you see some guy doing landscape in front of a house, he's working muching harder than I am. I just have gone to the point where I'm good enough at playing the game that it going and playing on hard difficulties isn't hard for me. Okay? So, for example, if you ever see like a really good World of Warcraft player playing a dungeon on the highest level difficulty, going back and playing dungeons at difficulty levels that seem impossible to beginners is trivial for them. Same exact thing. Now, the final thing I'm going to give you, the final brainwashing technique you need to look at is the final reason why people don't really pursue anything I talked about is they're afraid of risk. And all you need to understand when it comes to risk is there's all little mental things you can tell yourself. You can go in the mirror and say a high cue to yourself every single morning to give yourself confidence. But what you really want to focus on when it comes to risk is looking at what's actually going to happen in your life if you don't take risk. So if you don't take risk, what most people do, and this is like the most optimal output, okay? Most people don't even succeed at this. You do good in school, you go to college, you get 100K in debt, and then you spend the less your rest of your life grinding out a job that you don't particularly like, and you're not taking risks to like grow in. You're never going to be investing in yourself or anything like that except going back to college and giving more money to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam for like a masters or something. Anyways, you're going to spend all your time grinding for that, and you're going to make less money than you want for the rest of your life. and you're not going to be satisfied and you're going to have to be worrying about bills and stressed out by money. That is the guarantee if you don't take risk. To me, that's losing. That's not great. That's not comfortable. I want enough money where I can stop working whenever I want. I want enough money that it comes in passively for me if I know how to build it like that. I want enough money that I have money absolutely handled and it's not an issue in my life and I can buy the things I want. Now, look, you don't need to be buying private jets and giant mansions and all these things to buy be happy. Once you have all your base needs covered effortlessly, that's when you're going to hit peak happiness for money. If you want to go for the extra credit and get the giant houses and the cars and the jets and stuff like that, and you want to beat the highest score of money, great. That's exactly what I'm doing. You don't need to hit happiness, though. Like, I'm not any happier now than when I reached financial freedom like, and that was 13 years ago. That was the best day. That's when I hit peak happiness. So, this isn't about happiness, but you have to understand this right here is a loss. being struggling and strapped down for money your entire life, that's the loss. What you want to understand is that by taking risk over and over while improving your skills, eventually, just like in Vegas, if you bet on a number long enough at the roulette table, you're just going to hit. And so, if you take enough risk while improving your skills, your skills at making money in combination with eventually being in the right place at the right time, which they're both going to tamp them together, the better you get, the better you're going to get at being lucky, and the better you're going to get at maximizing that luck when it happens. Eventually, it will happen and you will hit financial control. And this is inevitable. The only way not to reach this point right here is not taking risk. If you take no risk, you are guaranteed to lose. If you take risk, you're pretty much guaranteed to win if you take risk correctly without losing your money every single time. And over hedging, which I break down below how to make money without risk. I show you how to take appropriate risk in business or with whatever you're doing. If you do this, you are virtually almost guaranteed to eventually hit. I don't know anybody that's taken consistent risk over and over again while consistently growing their skills that hasn't reached some level of financial independence. Most of them are extremely rich today. There are so many dudes, so many dudes I can name that I came up with. I've known Russell Brunson for a very long time. I've known Alex Herozi for a very long time. I know tons of other founders like Sam Evans who owns school now. I think it's worth like a billion dollars or something like that. I know so many other people that I came up with where we were in little forums chatting about making $100 a day, $150 per day. And at this point, the vast majority of them, I can't think of any of them that are not millionaires at this point. And I know so many dudes, not all of them are like Alexozi or Sam Evans or Russell Brunson successful, but I've known so many dudes that have gone from zero to millions of dollars per year that I can't I can't think of any of them that are not making a good good amount of money other than the ones that just purely quit. All right? And that's was in the first couple years. So eventually, from my perspective, you're just going to hit it. And so that's how you need to be viewing risk. The best way to guarantee you lose at life and get that failure that you're trying to avoid in money is not taking risk. So those things right there, if you apply those, that is going to change how you look at the world. The way you're going to make money is through tactics and strategies that you're going to get better at by improving them by breaking them down to skills, which I break down in the videos below and above this video. Go check those out. That's going to come down to hard work and strategic hard work that gives you leverage. Again, explained in all those videos. However, if you don't view the world correctly and you don't have these base understandings I just gave you, you're not going to do those things and you're not going to have confidence behind doing them. So, you have to have this mindset. It's not going to make you rich. It's going to allow you to confidently do the things that will make you rich. So, that's the video. If you like all that, subscribe, like, and in all the videos I talked about, they'll be popping up on the screen right now. There's a bunch of them labeled in the description. Go watch those. And on top of that, I'm going to be dropping all my past training, all the courses I used to create back in the day. All my subscribers going to get that as a certain subscriber point, but you have to be subscribed. If you're not subscribed, our AI will not pick you up and you will not get these courses when we drop them. And it's a lot of really good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, you should probably subscribe and like the video.