Title: How I'd Invest $2000 In My 20s To Be RICH At 30
Video ID: GI3nLBkvtas
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI3nLBkvtas
================================================================================

All right, you jenzy and goofy little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Title this video it's accurate. I'm going to be showing you how to turn a small amount of money that you obtained in your youth into a large amount of money by the time you're 25, 30, or all moldy past 35. And I'm qualified to tell you about this because I too, like you, was a goofy little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at one point. Broke as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the military, absolutely flat broke. And I turned a small amount of money into multiple millions of dollars within a few years using the tactic I'm going to show you in this video. But wait, there's more. I've actually used this technique to build a net worth of nearly multiple nine figures, which means that I'm actually rich enough that I don't have to sell you a course like everybody else on YouTube. I'm just going to show you to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do this. Let's begin. So, first off, you have to understand how people actually get rich investing and how money is made in general. This is the main misunderstanding right here. Money is not made by investing in things at all. The way you make money is by obtaining assets, very valuable assets, not including being able to spell or draw. That's stupid. Don't ever learn how to do that. Rich people do not use grammar. They don't spell correctly. And when you draw stuff, everybody automatically loves it because you're rich and they want some of your money. So, don't learn about those things. What you need to actually understand is that the way you get rich is by obtaining assets for much, much much less than they're worth. This is usually done by obtaining assets before the value of them is recognized or finding assets when they're very, very cheap and forcing their value to be extremely high. I know none of that makes sense. Don't worry, it will by the end of this video. What you need to understand about this is that when you have, let's say, $5,000 when you're young, $1,000, maybe even $250, okay? Instead of putting this in your World of Warcraft account character, you need to understand the best way to deploy this. Now, most of you have been listening to your parents or your families or whoever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you listen to about money that is poor, which means they're they're not that good at making money, and they're going to tell you, well, you need to go invest this in the stock market or a Roth IRA or or Pokemon cards or stuff like that. Now, while Charizard Pokemon cards are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic, this is not how you make money. Because what you're doing when you're buying into the stock market or anything that has agreed upon value, so it's recognized. Everybody knows it's valuable, is you're not going to turn this money into a lot of money because the value is already understood. So, Amazon stock is $300. Everybody understands it's $300 and you understand it's worth billions of dollars. You're not going to make a lot of money by going investing in something after everybody agrees it's worth billions of dollars unless it goes and 10x's from billions of dollars. And what would happen in that situation? That situation right there, you invested something before the actual real value was realized. So you saw something early before other people. You're not going to do that with Amazon. You're not going to do that investing in Nvidia. Maybe if 10 years ago you invested in Nvidia before people agreed on the value of the asset, you would have gotten extremely rich, but you're not going to be able to do that. And so I want you to really think first off that normal investing is not how you're going to get rich. You might as well not even consider that while you're young. For example, I have a net worth. Closing in on multiple nine figures right now. With my stock portfolio, my investments, with my ownership, my companies, if those things go up just 5% a year, I'm making tens of millions of dollars. I can pull that off because I've already obtained a large amount of value that is slowly going up. But you don't have a large amount of value to start off with. So what you need to do is you need to view money and how you invest money very differently. So the big question comes back to rule number one. How do we obtain assets for way way way way less than they're actually worth? Or how do we find assets that are basically free and turn them into assets that are extremely valuable? Well, there's two ways you do this. It is with two things, skill and risk. So what do I mean by this? This is actually a a chicken before the egg scenario. It actually loops back into it each other over and over again. Here's what I mean. So, the main way you're going to make a lot of money is by being able to take really smart risk and deploy money into these risks. But the main problem right now is that you cannot generate money. You don't have a lot of money. So, we need to actually forget this step right here. This is where traditional investing is or investing in something early on or whatever. You can't take a lot of risk. You can't throw a lot of money at risk until you have that actual money. So, the first thing you need to actually obtain is skill. The skill is going to allow you to obtain money and it's going to allow you to invest this money in risk. But then the skill factor again comes into play because if you have enough skill, you can actually invest in risk or create things that are risky and then use skill to force or mitigate this risk aka lower the chance of failure down and then actually improve the odds of the asset becoming extremely valuable. For example, if you go and invest money in a company that you're also the CEO of and then you have enough skill to grow the company. The company is worth $0 at first. Let's say you put in, I don't know, $5,000 in the company to build initially. You get the company to 50K a month. This company is now worth at least $1 to $2 million. And so that little $5,000 investment did this right here and generated you a return you will never see in crypto. You will never see in stocks. you will never see from that professional gaming career you're you're trying to pursue right now. It's not going to work out. It's okay. Don't worry. I wanted to be a Super Smash Bros. Pro back in the day. It didn't work out very well either. Thankfully, screening poop jokes on the internet worked out exceptionally well for me. So, you're not going to be lucky there either. You're probably not going to be a YouTuber. Let's face it, you're 5'2, not very good-looking. You're going to have to do what I'm going to show you right here. So, look, you're probably thinking right now, "Okay, great. This guy's just telling me in a in a very long- winded way to start a business." No. What you need to understand as I press control C over and over again and present to you in the most dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lowquality way possible is that you need to view money and time differently than other people especially when you're young. So what you need to do is we need to focus on this skill thing first. Okay. So what we need to do is we need to buy ourselves time and the ability to learn. Okay. Okay. And so the ability to learn sometimes actually means spending money to learn, which doesn't mean going and buying my course I'm about to sell you for 1997 here in 2 seconds. No, absolutely not. What it means is how do you how do you go and learn to play guitar? You you pick up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guitar and you learn to play it. How do you learn to do jiu-jitsu? You go practice jiu-jitsu every single day. How do you get good at business? People don't realize this. They think business is some weird metaphysical multi-dimensional being that only Jedi can understand. It's not. The way you get good at business is you do as much business as you possibly can and you keep increasing the difficulty. For example, if you pick up a guitar and you make your goal to learn how to play Nirvana, no one's going to be impressed by that. No one's going to pay you on stage to do that. But you'll go out there and you'll progress to that point very quickly. Now, once you get to the point of playing Nirvana, if you sit down and keep playing Nirvana songs or Teen Spirit over and over again, you're not going to get any better. That's when you need to go and say, "Okay, maybe I'm going to play some Metallica or learn some solos and keep upping the difficulty." So as you learn things, you one have the time to invest on learning it and then two, you have the time to keep upping the ante and making it harder and harder. The same applies to business. You want to start with simple things like selling something basically on Fiverr or selling or working a low-level job at a company. Just start understanding the business model. As soon as you master that, understand it, which should come very quickly. For example, you can pick up a guitar and learn how to play Teen Spirit Nirvana in about a month or in a couple days if you have God-given talent like I do. and then you go and move on to the next thing. So, let's say you start selling maybe like a freelance graphic design package on Fiverr, very low-level uh business entrepreneurship. Maybe you didn't go and make a website and you start running ads to it. You keep increasing your ability to do that. But here is where most people get locked up and this is why most people stay poor their entire life. And really, if you look at most people's money, they probably make out at like 25 27 and then they make 10 20% more per year for the rest of their life, which then doesn't result in a lot of money because they're not starting with a lot of money to begin with. So, here's what you do if you're young and and here's all the point of all the long-winded [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm saying right here. FYI, if you want a little help going and starting businesses, learning how to make money from the interwebs or whatever, I give away all the courses that I used to make, all my ad techniques, business building techniques, selling techniques, everything for free on this channel to my subscribers. What I do is there's a little community feed. If you're subscribed, you're going to see it. If you're not subscribed, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I don't like you. But if you're subscribed, I'm going to post there about once a month a link to all the courses. I leave it up for a day or two, then I take it down. If you're not subscribed, you're not going to see it. So, um, do that subscription thing. So, backing up, if we're young, our goal is not to invest in anything right now. It's to obtain skills to generate money. That's it. Once we have skills to generate money, then we can take risk with that money through building businesses or throwing it aimlessly into Frogcoin or Fartcoin. Those are the best investments you can possibly make in your youth. But, we can't start taking any risk that's really going to multiply money until we obtain skill. And so what we need to invest in is the ability to have time to learn skills and then the ability to take risk without having to take much risk. I'll explain these two things. And if you get these things, this is what's going to make you rich very quickly. And you're actually just going to repeat this thing for the rest of your life. And it will make you richer and richer and richer as far as you want to go with it. You just have to keep repeating it bigger and bigger and bigger. It's like a flywheel. It starts out very slow, but it gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. So what does this mean? You get out of your parents house 18. By the way, first thing lesson I'm going to give you, we can talk about this another video. Don't if you're living with your parents, you're a young man. No, no, no, no. Stop it. Stop it. That is what little beta soy boys do. You go move somewhere. I don't care. Move to a college town where there's five dudes living in a one-bedroom apartment. You be one of those five dudes. Get your rent down 100 bucks a month. I don't care. You do not live with your parents. The end. That's non-debatable. You live with your parents. This isn't going to work out. So, what do I mean by this? So, in order to learn skills, we actually need time and energy. And so, what we need to do is we need to be able to have as much time and energy set aside to learn these skills, whatever they're going to be. Maybe you want to go learn coding. Maybe you want to start your first freelance business. Maybe, for example, a really good way to start a business is to go work at businesses and low-level jobs and understand the business that they're doing. Look at a business that you want to start. Maybe find someone else who's doing freelance stuff on Fiverr, someone who's running their own agency for businesses, someone who's selling AI services business, maybe someone who's doing drop shipping. Go work for them for next to nothing and learn what they're doing and watch what they're doing. One of the ways that I got my start in business is there was this guy launching a lot of products and internet marketing products back in the day. And I would go and help write the books and do the things for him and he'd basically tell me what to do. And that's how I learned in my first couple months how internet marketing works and how it all goes together. The way I was able to do that is because I had time to learn. See, in the military over four years, I saved up $6,000, which in 2025 money is basically makes me a billionaire at that age because, you know, we had to print and triple the the the money supply to pay for COVID because, you know, that was that was terrifying. God forbid we didn't invest trillions of dollars injecting every person in the United States with soy milk. But we're not going to we're not we're not going to go on the red pill rabbit hole right now in this video. It's okay. You got Charlie Kirk doing that stuff. You can go check out that stuff. But I had $6,000 and this allowed me to move to a college town. I lived in College Station, Texas A&amp;M. And I basically moved in with two other dudes in a very, very small house. And my rent was like $200 per month. Okay. I realize things are a little bit more expensive now, but if you go and move to a college town or Wyoming or Thailand, whatever, and you find a place and you split an apartment or whatever with a bunch of people, you're going to get your rent down really, really, really cheap. I suggest college towns, Wyoming or Thailand. Now, what I did right there, and I'll explain Thailand here in a second. I know it sounds random. So, what I did during this time is my cost of living was basically nothing. It was like a thousand bucks per month. So, I got a job bartending and bouncing. And I was the worst at both of these. I was actually a bar back. I wasn't cool enough to be a bartender. And I was the world's worst bouncer. Okay? So, I spent my time going between bars and then getting fired from them for being terrible at these jobs. This allowed me to make enough money to generate about $1,000 per month working part-time at these places and then work on learning internet marketing and doing SEO for businesses. Now, I'm not telling you to do SEO for business or whatever. What we need to look at is the core skill that I'm doing right here. I reduced my cost of living down to virtually zero. This allowed me to go and basically spend all my time trying to learn businesses, how they work, trying to sell things. And guess what? The first six months, eight months, it didn't really work because I was learning. But I was able to spend that time, that investment of my time into this and learn the skills to eventually get to 5,000 a month. At this point, I used these skills to get a higher paying job at a marketing agency. And I learned how marketing agencies and all that worked. And then I was able to go and start my own services business, start launching my own products, start selling my own services to other businesses. I launched an SEO outsourcing company. And so my income went from 5,000 to 10,000 to 30,000. I remember my first 70,000 a month. And from that point, I was actually able in my 20s to build an income of about 400,000 a month. Currently, I do multiple millions of dollars per month because I just repeat this process over and over again. It just got on a larger scale. You might notice in this video that I'm not living in a a small tiny college house with a bunch of frat guys anymore. But you have to understand right now my cost of living is still insanely low to the amount of money that I have coming in. I bring in millions of dollars per month and my cost of living isn't even onetenth of what I bring in every single month. you need to do the same exact thing just on a lower scale. So, what this allowed me to do was to then invest all my energy and time into learning these skills. Once I had the money coming in, 10K a month or whatever, then I invested this money into starting software companies and the rest is history from there. I was able to invest and take risk and start businesses. And my first software companies, the first few things I did were just a complete mess. But I was able to take that risk over and over and over again because I had this money coming in to take risk with. Eventually, one of those risks paid off, and that's when I saw those huge increases in income. This is the strategy to get there. We go and free up our time and allow us to invest maximum energy and time into learning skills to generate money. And we then take that money and we take risk in it by investing it in bigger businesses or very risky investments, maybe like crypto or something like that. I don't suggest doing that because that's an extremely inconsistent way to make money. If you learn how to build businesses, which I'm going to get to here in a second, and invest in businesses, that's how you're going to make the big bucks very consistently. So, let's back up and break everything down if we can go and turn this into steps. If you're 20 years old right now, the first thing you need to do is unlock your time and your energy. So, what does this mean? Go and find somewhere very, very cheap to live. Don't have a car. Don't have furniture. Have a computer and a mattress on the floor. I did something very similar to this when I was building my largest software company. I was making good money, but I wanted total freedom and to lower my risk or downside. So, what I did is I despite making tons of money, moved into a completely empty apartment. I just had a desk. I had a bed and I just built that company and I didn't have to worry about my cost of living or anything because I kept my cost of living so low and owned nothing. I didn't even have a car. So, what you're going to do is the same exact thing. Find a very cheap apartment, cheap living, split it with five other dudes, move to Thailand, whatever. Live next to a grocery store and a gym. You literally have everything you need within walking distance of this apartment or wherever you're living. This is going to allow you to have everything you need at almost no cost of living. You can go work part-time. You can do part-time remote work online. You can go work at a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grocery store. It doesn't matter. Then you spend all your free time learning skills to go and build businesses and generate money. That's all you do. And when you get to the point where you make, let's say, $500 doing this, you need to double down and go to the next level this skill. For example, if you're selling cheap services on Fiverr, well, maybe start running ads to it. go make your own website, add something to the service that somebody else has. You just keep upping the ante from here to try and make more money. It's not always going to work out, but that's fine because your cost of living is so damn cheap. This allows you to take risk with your money and your time because your downside is next to nothing. This is how you want to be investing your money to improve your skills and everything like that until you get to the point that you're actually generating serious money. Then what we're going to do is we're going to invest this into our more higher risk businesses and things that take even more money. It's the same exact thing. the thing just keeps getting bigger and bigger. At first, your risk only was the time that you're putting in the skills and the time you're having to put into unlocking the time, which is basically working that part-time job. Once you're able to quit the part-time job, your risk is going and putting the money into improving your business and taking bigger shots. So then once we put into our serious investments, what we're going to do is we're going to make it lopsided by also not just investing in things like our businesses, but also applying our skill to it to make sure the businesses work. This isn't always going to work out, but this is going to allow us to obtain assets, businesses value for next to nothing and then use money to get it going and then leverage it and reduce the chance of failure by investing our skills that we've acquired into it, which is going to lower the chance of failure. And because our cost of living and everything we have is so insanely cheap, this is going to allow us to take this risk over and over again until it simply works. Thus essentially guaranteeing that if we just do this process that I talked about right here, it allows us to take risk over and over again while our skills increase. Eventually, your skills are going to get to the point where it's so good that the risk you're taking is almost minimal because you can consistently just pull it off. For example, I I could start any business I want right now, write the website, do all the sales copy, create the sales processes, start running ads to it, and I could build a profitable business with almost 100% success rate. Now, I'm not saying it would be successful the businesses I have now. You do need to actually go and do a lot of crazy stuff if you want to make a business that's worth nine figures like I have. Now, the flip side of that is there are entrepreneurs who can build a nine figure business every single time like clockwork. And I want to get to that point where that's easy for me, but that will probably be the point where I'm a billionaire. Do you see how this works? As you get higher and higher, the successes are easier and easier to get. So, we're going to be growing our skills while taking repeatable risk. And the thing with the risk is if it falls through or it breaks apart, aka you get punched in the face, it doesn't matter because your cost of living is so cheap. So, for example, right now, I take really huge risk all the time at my business. Sometimes I'll just reinvest all the money we make into growing the business. I can do that because my cost of living, like all my businesses, everything in my life could explode and I could live like I'm living right now for the next 30 years till I die. I could I could mit a day down and just live off the passive income from my portfolios and passive investments. Like I have no fear. I can take risk over and over again. That makes me very strong. You simply want to achieve the same thing on a lower scale, which means again when you're 20 and broke, you get your cost of living so cheap that you can easily cover it with a part-time job. And the cool thing is as your skills improve, you'll be able to get remote jobs that pay a lot more. 20, $30, $50 per hour. You use that while building your businesses. For example, when I was getting into SEO and internet marketing, I got good enough that I could land a marketing job. This gave me an extra 3,000 4,000 bucks per month of cushion on top of the money I was making for my internet businesses, which then allowed me to take a lot more risk much more quickly. And then the thing just compounds on itself like that flywheel effect that I talked about earlier on. And so you start off with nothing. Your skills start improving and generating you money. This allows you to take risk, which then allows you to keep improving your skills and make more money and then take more risk, which then allows you to improve your skills and make even more money and take more risk. And as long as you keep your cost of living very cheap, the system just compounds on itself. And you can increase your cost of living as the system gets bigger. So, for example, when you first get started, no, you need to keep your cost like a,000 bucks per month. But if you're making a million dollar per month, $2 million per month, you can spend $50,000 a month. No shit's given. It just doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter. Same exact thing. your cost of living if you want to improve your lifestyle. It improves as this improves but it tails it. It always stays within line so you can keep taking risk to keep improving your skills. And this my silly little Gen Z [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friend is how from 20 years old you go and get rich. You repeat this process over and over again and you keep investing in this way. Once you have millions and millions and millions of dollars, go invest in the stock market. You get $100 million you put in the stock market grows 58% a year. Great. You're making5 8 million a year passively. But you're not there yet. and that passive income or whatever does, you're not going to do it with the little bit of money you have right now. So, don't even think about investing. You need to get to the point where you can generate money, enough money to where your investments actually pay you passive income. So, the last tip I'm going to give you right now is, for example, I didn't start investing in stocks or passive income or real estate or anything like that until I had tens of millions of dollars. Now, I've realized you should probably start a little bit earlier than that, but I didn't care because I didn't really matter. I was generating so much money for my businesses, the m the money that would come from these investments was irrelevant. at about $10 million, I can generate about $500,000 a year completely passively. And so that's when I did it, just to start covering my entire lifestyle and keep my downside extremely low and my ability to take risk at all times high because now the investments just cover everything. I cannot be punched in the face even if all my businesses and everything explode. This is how you need to view money. This is how you invest to get rich. Just like the title of the video said, I have delivered. Now, if you want to see actual ways to build businesses, strategies to do that, I broke down two guides right here. One is how to get from zero to maybe a couple hundred thousand a year. The other is how to get from a couple hundred,000 a year to a million dollar a year. It's all broken down there step by step. And every tactic inside there, the sales, the copyrightiting, everything is on this channel or in those free courses I said I'm going to give to you if you subscribe. Just watch the community section. That's it. Goodbye.