Title: How To Get 1,000 Paying SaaS Customer FAST From Scratch
Video ID: EsgQ0bQzvZ0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsgQ0bQzvZ0
================================================================================

So, everyone on Interwebs is going to tell you the key to starting a successful SAS business, but if you really think about it, boils down to just one thing. You have to have customers. If you don't have customers paying you for your SAS business, you don't have a successful SAS business. So, that's why you need a go to market strategy to not just get lots of customers, but strategize each point that you're getting to. You need to be able to have a plan to get your first 10 customers, to take your first 10 customers to 50 customers to 100 customers and a thousand customers. Each of those points is very different because you need to be aiming for specific things in your goto market strategy, which is what this video is going to show you. I'm going to show you the go to market strategy I've used at each of those points, which is where a you're just starting off, nobody knows who you are to the point where you actually have a successful product, but you need to actually start scaling the product. I've used this process to take several SAS companies from zero to 100,000 multiple hundred thousands per month and then refined it in my latest business to take it to around $40 million a year ARR and a multi-9 figure valuations which I would deem as a successful SAS company. This is going to apply to you regardless of where you are. If you're starting a new product, it's going to help you get your first customers. But if you have an existing SAS, this is going to show you why you're not scaling to that next point. and the thing that's blocking you from going to, I don't know, 200 to 500 customers or 500 to a,000 or even a,000 to your first couple thousand customers. So, I'm going to break this down. Let's begin. So, like I said, there are phases to this and you need to recognize what phase you are in. There's MVP phase where you just have an idea. You don't even have a product. And you don't really need to be making a product until you've confirmed that your MVP is actually going to get customers. Then there's a point where you actually have a product, but it's brand new. And frankly, nobody knows who it is, what it does, or what the results are going to be. And so, you need to focus on just getting your first 10 customers. Then a product. You have some customers, but now you need to actually consistently get more customers and get them results and also get them to pay for it. So, this is the point where you want to go from 10 to say 30 customers. Now, at this point, we need to start actually marketing the product and going from 30 to 100 customers. This is where you actually start to have a lot of customers. You actually need to start having infrastructure that's going to serve those customers and be able to get them results without manually doing it for them. So once we get to this point and we've got a 100 happy customers, we have 100 people in through our go to market strategy. This is the point where we want to go to say a thousand customers or whatever level of scale is needed to start making a lot of money. These numbers right here can change. You can have a mass market product where you need tens of thousands of customers actually make money. You can also have a product where you only need a couple hundred customers to make tons of money. Maybe you're selling enterprise. So, I don't want you to really get focused on these specific customer numbers. I want you to more so focus on MR goals. Maybe getting to your first 10,000 MR, which means monthly reoccurring revenue, and then getting all the way to, let's say, 1 million a month MR. Okay? And breaking through all these levels right here and these barriers to get there. Now, through this video, I'm going to focus on just these numbers right here because it makes it easier to explain, but just recognize where you are in the process and what you need to be focused on. Because if you're at this level right here, but you're focusing on the stuff right here, which a lot of people do, you're never going to get out of this level right here. Or by the time you get right here, the product is going to be built wrong and it's not going to have the right bones to move to the next level and you're going to get stuck or you're just going to have a really bad product that eventually dies. So, we have to do all of this in phases or it's not going to work. So, what are these phases and how do we do them? So, like I talked about at the beginning of this video, we're going to be focusing on going to market, GTM, which is the big business term that SAS businesses use to basically describe making a product and selling it to people. Like all SAS terms and business terms, these are just vague. They don't mean anything and people like to use them so they sound smart. What we really need to do is define what we need to be doing in each step of our business. So, we're going to start from the very beginning. So, what is the MVP stage of the business? So when a lot of people have an idea for a SAS product, what they do is they then go and like raise money and then make the product and then try to start selling it to people. This is really stupid to do. What you want to do in your MVP pay MVP fade MVP phase the product is you need to actually define who your customer is going to be and that they might actually pay you for this. And so in other videos I've talked more about product design and coming up with the type of product you want to make. There's a video that will be linked right below talking about breakage that talks about how to find ideas in a marketplace and what to sell. I'm going to assume you've watched that video. If you have not, watch it after this video. So, during your MVP phase, what you need to do is you need to think about who your target customer is going to be. I'm not going to get into how to find those customers. That's covered in so much depth in other videos that I'm not going to cover it anymore. And what we want to then do is we want to either vibe code or even just draw out what we want our product to be. And then we want to reach out to these businesses and simply show them the idea. What does this mean in extreme detail? This means look, if we're selling something, I'm going to talk about for example, Hyros. My business I've scaled to $40 million AR. So you can have an idea of what I did. So when I have this idea, I noticed that businesses, specifically businesses that were tracking phone calls, were having a very hard time actually tracking where their phone calls came from and where their closes on the phone calls came from when they were running Facebook ads and Google ads. So, I reached out to agencies and people I knew that had businesses that were running ads. And what I did is I drew up a very simple concept of something I was using. It was just a very rough simple concept of how I tracked my phone call closes, my phone bookings, and my long-term sales. It was just a simple little Excel dashboard on the internet that showed my Facebook ad campaigns and the results. Now, I use this very rudimentary solution to actually track my phone calls, but this would have cost me like $5,000 to develop back then. is very very very simple. Now I showed this to people and said, "Would you like me to develop this for you? Would you pay me for this? Would you sign up and pay me consistently for this?" A lot of people said yes. This would be a godsend. This simple process right here of reaching out to businesses that had a specific problem and showing the problem and then confirming that they would pay for it is a step that most businesses skip. They don't like to reach out to people. They don't like to talk to people, especially when they don't have a product. One thing I also did in this time period right here is when I talked to these businesses, I would simulate a sales call. Now, I didn't have a sales pitch or some crazy drawn out 52 script blueprint to sell to them. I basically laid out the problem. I talked about the problem and then I said, "Hey, look, so we have the solution right now. Would you pay $3,000 upfront to have this solved for you? Would you pay off your annual subscription upfront? For example, if the product was $300 a month, would you pay $3,000 upfront? If we set this all up for you and got this all solved for you, everybody was saying yes at this point. And I said, "Okay, that's great. We're going to go make it now. I'm not actually going to charge you money." But that simple fake phone call strategy that I talked about, fake sales call strategy that I just discussed. This right here confirmed people would pay for it. So, this gives me at least something to start with. And if I can go and reach out to these businesses and get them to say, "Hey, you know, I really want this. I will pay for it. In fact, I'll pay annually upfront for it." then I have something that if I make they'll probably pay for and I can start getting my first customers from. This is the MVP phase and this is the first thing you should do before you start going and taking this and trying to sell it to people. Now, how do we get our first 10 customers and why do we only want to focus on getting 10 customers? Because a lot of you guys will say in my videos that I say the same thing over and over again, which is somewhat true because building a SAS business, it's a very repetitive set of strategies that all tie in together. And the core of any business that I talk about always and always on this channel and people roll their eyes is results. If you don't have results, you don't have a business. You don't have something you can scale because especially in SAS, you need people to pay for it for years. No one's going to pay for anything for years if it doesn't get them results. And so the reason why we want to focus on getting our first 10 customers is so we can work directly with those customers. We're not even trying to get money yet. And so what we're going to do that's a little bit different than the MVP phase is we're going to go build the thing. We're going to build a very rudimentary ghetto rigged piece of that does the basic functionality that we need. So, for example, at Hyros, what I did is I made something that could very simply track someone opting into something, whether it was a webinar or a sales call or a demo or something like that, and then map it to their payment processor, aka the point where money came in, and then connect it back to the ad the person came from. That was it. It was ugly. It really didn't even have a signup form or a a billing system. It was just this software right here. You could create a basic account, come in, create a tracking link, it would track your optin, it would conver it would track it all the way to the money. And so what I do is I get those customers I talked about originally, the MVP. I also reached out to a lot of people I knew were having this problem after I confirmed the MVP. I then sold this to them for free. Okay. Well, how do we make money, Alex? The person will pay you money if the result is good enough later on. You don't need to worry about that at the start. We need to worry about a person be able to come in and getting a result so good that they demand to keep using the product. So what I did is I got my first 10 customers just doing this. Now how do we find these businesses to reach out to? They're on Facebook. They're on LinkedIn. They're talking about it. You have to understand your initial sales process. We're not going to be doing something that's scalable. And because we're doing it manually, we have such a huge advantage. And because we're doing it onetoone to the customer specifically for them, we have basically crack cocaine. If the problem is big enough, they will sign up for you to solve it for them for free. So you find these businesses, X, LinkedIn, Facebook, find business owners, reach out to them, offer to solve their problem for free. Is everybody going to say yes to this? No. No, they're not. Okay? Even though they should, but you should be able to get 10 people in. And what you're going to do is you're going to put them on the software for them. You're basically going to be their tech guy. And you put them on the software, you set them up, and you get them the result, whatever it is. And if you fail to get result the result, you go and look at why the result is not happening. Is the target is the target too vague? Are you targeting too many different types of businesses with different uses? If so, narrow it down to the one business you can get results for. If it's just getting the result because the product sucks or is there something broken inside, you fix it until it works. And what you need to do is focus on getting 10 happy customers who are not paying you anything. So, they should be super happy at this point. And what you should be able to do after you've gotten them results is be able to then propose billing them something something. So you guesstimate how much your product product is going to be worth. So our opening price at hires was $199 per month. So all I did is said, "Hey, look, we've solved this problem for you. Is this result good enough that you would pay us $199 per month or $300 per month, $500 per month, depending on the size of their business?" And we got to the point where they said yes. If they said no, I said, "What what needs to be there for us to be able to charge this? Why? Why? If I turn this off right now, it's clearly making you more money. What needs to be there? And what you can also do at this point in time is you want to make sure that if you're selling B2B SAS, which is what we talk about on this channel, that the money result is there. So, for example, if someone's doing this right here and I run to their ads and they were losing, I don't know, $5,000, $10,000 a month in scale. Let's say they're spending 100,000 a month on ads. They couldn't see their results and track them properly. Thus, it was losing them 10,000 20,000 a month in total business. If I go to them and say, "Okay, cool. Will you pay $500 a month for this?" They say, "No." I say, "Okay, cool. But you realize you're going to make $10,000 per month less if we turn this off." They're suddenly going to be like, "Okay, here's $500." That's how that sales process works. And that's why I love B2B SAS because there's all sorts of times where we can vify or run into people that just want to be cheap and not pay for things. But this isn't like we're selling someone uh an infoarketing course. This isn't like we're selling someone a backscratching machine that they can live without. Once you actually make that connection in their business to your product and more money, they're going to just see the ROI and it's not going to become some emotional decision for them. It's cold heart logic. If you want to make $10,000 more this month, you keep paying the $500 subscription. The end, buddy. That that's it. And this is the point we want to get to right here because once we are at this point, now we actually have a product. Now we have something we can build around. And I want to stress during this entire process right here when I was doing this, we didn't have a billing system. We just had a simple signup. Like you don't want to be building infrastructure, customer support systems, any of that stuff. You want to get to the point where you can bring in 10 people and all 10 people get results. If all 10 people can't get results when they're forced on your software. I'm not talking about a customer coming in and then ghosting you. If that person goes to you, that doesn't count. If a person comes on and fully let you set up the software for them, they should get a result. If they don't get a result, you keep working on the software till it does get a result. You don't focus on billing or anything else. And this then takes us to the next step. So once we've gone and got those first 10 customers, what we're going to do is instead of billing them. What I like to do is say, "Hey, look, all right, we're not going to bill you. We're going to give you like four months, six months free. It really doesn't matter. We're not trying to make money here. We're trying to get what I'm talking about right here. I'm going to say, look, give us a testimonial. Talk about your results. Give us an honest testimonial. Don't just like bribe people. Say like, we'd like a testimonial in exchange. We'll let you stay on for a few months and everything like that, but it has to be an honest testimonial. And what you're going to say is, "Look, give me a testimonial about what this did for your business and then we'll let you stay on." So, why do we get these testimonials? Obvious. Because when you're reaching out to businesses at first, there's no proof that it works. There's no proof at all. And so, what we want to do is we want to have at least 10 testimonials from customers saying, "Hey, this really made us a lot more money." So, at this point, what we're then going to do is maybe you can go and build the billing infrastructure and all the things you need to actually bring on customers like a grown-up. More importantly, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be using the same reach out method to get more businesses in. We're going to sign them up for free, but we're going to have money intent this time and we're going to be armed with testimonials. So, we're going to do the same exact process except when we reach out to businesses now, we're going to show them a page of results. So, if you look at Hyus, by the way, we do all this tracking and stuff for SAS businesses. If you actually want your SAS business to make way more money from ads, like all the business you're going to see on this page, you should check out Hyris because you're basically going to make tons more money from your ads by default because you can actually track where all your demos, closes, and calls come from. It's magical. You shouldn't be running SAS ads without it. That being said, what I did when I was starting up Pyros is I showed people these giant pages with results. Now, you're not going to have famous brands and everything like that or big SAS companies or big entrepreneurs promoting your product kit. That's not the point. The main thing is all the lower level results and testimonials that I we have on our pages, the result videos, so on and so forth. Now, you can see this is kind of an extreme example. We've been in business at Hyros for a long time. We have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of results and reviews on Trustpilot overx. This is this process that I'm telling you are scaled up to a pretty high level. A better example of this is if you look at our AI remarketing product, it's still very new. First thing we did is we got customers on for free. Then we had them plug it on to their websites, their businesses, and we had the AI start bringing back people to their business, getting them on calls, getting them sales. And then what we did is we allowed the people to be on for free. And after they came on for free and got results, we asked them for testimonials. Then we put them on the page. And then we use these testimonials to get more customers onto the product. What I'm trying to stress right here is we're going to use those first testimonials and a page and a long list of results to get our next 20 customers. Now, when we get these next 20 customers, the pitch is going to be, "We put you on for free after it works and makes you more money. Then, we're going to bill you this amount." All right? So, there's a little bit more defined context to the business interaction that's going on. It's no longer just like, "Hey, come on, try this on. Help me out. We'll talk about billing later." It's now very much, look at all the results these people got. We're going to get you the same results. We're going to do it for you. And once it gets you results, we agree that you're going to pay $3,500 for a year upfront. Something like that. This is a very low touch pitch, lowrisisk pitch because again the person doesn't pay you until they're making way, way more money than they're going to be paying you. So this is again much easier to get customers in. And what we're focused now on is kind of the business infrastructure. How do we get people in with billing? How do we start scaling up the customer setup systems? So for example, at Hyros, when we first did it, it was all manual, even the billing, like we used to be putting people's credit cards in the Stripe, running it from there. Now, we are setting up at the point where there's an actual signup page. The person comes in, there's a credit card, there's account creation, and we're slowly transitioning the business from something where we do it completely for them to mostly for them to sort of for them. And we want to get to the point where they just sign up and do it themselves. That's the end goal. But you can see we're not starting with the goal of them doing it all themselves. We're still doing it done for you. What a lot of SAS companies do is they start it up and they're trying to get the person to figure it out day one and use it. That's not really how it works. People are super duper confused. For example, right now, if you look at Stripe, if you've ever interacted to use Stripe, you probably set it up yourself. Originally, when Stripe first launched, they were doing it all for their customers. They go in, they set up, they do the processes, they put on all the code, they make sure it was running, and they work with each customer onetoone. You have to do things that don't scale at first to make sure the product works. And you slowly build out the product to the point where people can do it for themselves, which is an entire other thing. Getting a person to sign up for something and fully integrate something in their business is an entire other problem than making a product that works. Our main problem right now is making a product that works and having the basic infrastructure. So, we're going to then going to go and do this this exact process. And with each of these 20 people, what we're going to do is we're going to collect a testimonial because the more testimonials we have, the more proof it works, the easier it's going to be to get people to sign up. Now, at this point right here, we have 30 happy customers. This doesn't seem a lot, but none of the numbers right here particularly matter. You have to understand, yes, this is low scale. We're not printing money at this point. We're setting the foundation for the money printing machine we're going to create. So, at 30 happy customers, you have a lot of testimonials and your clearly works. So, what we're going to try and do at this point is try to get big testimonials. You guys are probably going to see that all this comes back down to having a product that works and getting people to say it works. What we want to do now, the only difference is we're going to try and use all the credibility we've built up and all the testimonials we have to get someone large to promote the business. So if you look at for example at Hyros, one of the things that we have that's plays to our huge advantage is we have tons of famous people that say it works. For example, like Alexi uses this in the info space. This gives us a ton of credibility. Tony Robbins uses it in the infos space. It gives us a ton of credibility. We have and school both suggesting or using it which are two of the fastest growing education SAS products in the space. We have really large podcasters. We have really large names in e-commerce. We have all sorts of people that speak to our target customer using this. We have really large and up and fast growing SAS companies like iClOse adapt and some really giant brands that we're not allowed to talk about yet. We got like Clickfunnels. The point is what I'm trying to show you right here is if you are a target customer, probably one of those names I mentioned you recognize and you trust. If you're in SAS, you probably look at the SAS I mentioned. If you're in infoarketing, you probably look at the info marketers I mentioned. If you're in e-commerce, you probably look at e e-commerce names like Matt Smith or Playboy or large e-commerce brands. And you're going to look for other testimonials from businesses like yours. That's why we have a bunch of testimonials from e-commerce brands. That's why we have a bunch of testimonials from SAS businesses, from infomarketers. Because you need to find testimonials from people that are important to your target customer. Now, what you do is you find the bigger names. I'm not saying day one you reach out to Tony Robbins and say, "Hey, do you want to use my product?" What you want to do is find lower level YouTubers, lower level influencers who are in your niche and get them to use your product. And how do you get them to use the product? One, we use the same method again. Offer it for free, bill later, and your goal is a testimonial. So, find a YouTuber that's getting a few thousand views per video. Find an Instagram influencer that's getting a few thousand views on their posts or whatever. Small people that are not going to be ego inflated and asking for hundreds of thousands of dollars for their mention. Your goal here is not specifically to get them to advertise it. Your goal here is to get them results and then twist it into what I'm going to show you here in a second. But, we reach out to these influencers. We get them results with the same exact method and then we show them the results. You say, "Hey, look, you're spending $100,000 a month on ads. This made you 15k more." All right, cool. You're going to pay us $500 a month for that, but what we would really like is a testimonial. And so, what do you do with this testimonial? You slap it at the top of your testimonials. You can see we have tons of smaller brands or less well-known brands. There's actually some giant brands on here just nobody knows about. So the more famous brands we have, we then slap their testimonials at the top of our website and we want to go and repeat this process as many times as we can. One of my biggest goals at testimonials is finding big brands and getting a testimonial from them. The end. And we're going to use this testimonial to then start advertising the business and actually start scaling the business up. So where can we go with this now that we have this influencer testimonial? One, if you and the the influencer get along well, give them affiliate link and pay them to talk about your product and their videos to their market that is your target market. Easiest way to make money ever because now you have a person that all these people trust. You have their testimonial and they are incentivized to promote your product. This is a very easy way to start taking your product from that 30 customers that's small to 50 to 100 customers. What you can also start now doing is what I like to call the advertising your results strategy. And it's exactly what it sounds like. You advertise your damn results. Look, you can do all sorts of stuff. You can create these crazy AI Instal Tik Tok McGee ads that you see all over the internet. It doesn't matter if your product doesn't get results. The only thing that people really care about in B2B business SAS is results. You're not going to convince anybody by having a raccoon dancing with a bunch of shrimp in some crazy Shopify ad video. No, it's none of that stuff works. What I have in my ads, if you ever seen ads for hires, it's very simple. Hey, do you want to make this result? And I'll get in the ads in another video. Hey, do you want this result? Here's like 50 businesses have gotten this result. Here's a bunch of people that you trust getting this result. If you want to get this result, click this ad. We'll prove it even more and you can sign for goal and we'll get you this result. And if you don't get this result, we won't make you pay for it. Do you see how simple that is? There was no risk to my advertising strategy whatsoever for the customer. Hey, do you want this result? Here's endless proof and people that you trust. And if for some reason you don't get this result, you're not going to have to pay anything. So there's no risk. So come here and get this result like everybody else. That's it. That's my ad strategy. And so what we then start doing is we want to maybe use the influencers, our bigger names that we got testimonials from, offer them some incentive. And then what we want to do is we start running ads to our business, specifically to what I like to reference as a result page that I just showed you. So you can see the page that I showed you a little bit earlier on. You make a big old result page that breaks down what your product does and you just rub endless results in people's faces. And what this is going to do is it's going to get you your next couple signups. People are going to say, "Holy this looks like it works and I really want that result." You then use this to get your next couple customers. There's also a bonus if you're a cheap You can actually just go and start using organic strategies. Start making content. For example, Hyru absolutely makes SAS ads money for businesses. Hyros Air, if you put it on a website, a SAS business, they're going to get 3 to 5% more calls in their business and make a lot of money from it. The end. The products work and we've gone through all the phases where we get the results. So, what am I doing right now? I am making content on SAS businesses, showing you how I grow my SAS businesses. And when your SAS business grows, you're probably going to want to make more money from your ads. You're probably going to want free phone calls coming in. You're going to think, hm, that guy who taught me a few things, he has that cool product, and you're probably going to come check it out at some point because of all the results you see on my site. Now, look, I'm not making this video specifically to sell things to you. But, do you see how simple that marketing strategy is? I make content after getting tons of results. I show you the results through helpful content. It helps you build trust with me and then you come to my website later on and you look at the results and you want those results and you see that you can get the results without any risk whatsoever because you don't have to pay for it if you don't get the results and then you sign up to get the results. It works really well. So, I'm not saying you need to go make a YouTube channel, but making content on X LinkedIn and YouTube is a great way to start getting your next couple customers. Again, we're not trying to get mass customers. We don't need thousands and thousands of views. You need a couple hundred views. Another thing you can also start doing is again the manual reachout method because again what we're trying to do here is not get to thousands of customers. What we're trying to do is get to our next 50 to 100 customers. All you have to do is be getting 15 more customers per month to be well on your way to your first 100 customers using this result page and this result strategy that I just talked about right here. If you want to turbocharge it, use ads. Now, once we've gotten to the point where we're at 50 to 100 customers, what you're probably going to see is the wheels start to fall off your business because before you were interacting with every customer one to one, you're getting to the point where you can't when I was starting Hyros before our first 50 customers, I was able to talk to every single customer. After we got past that point, you really have to start building out the infrastructure business. This means your onboarding systems. This means your customer results or success. And this means staying on top of the results. This means watching customers come in and seeing how many of them fail. You're going to start seeing a lot of customers fail because now you're starting to move to scale. And the part where not every customer is going to have onetoone customized white glove setup. That's fine. This is the point where you take a a second and you take a little breather and you start optimizing your business for scale. This means making your onboarding super clear. This makes this means really hiring a good head of customer success who builds your customer support team that is able to assist customers and make up for your shitty onboarding and your shitty software uh setup originally when people come on. Look, when you first build your SAS business, you have two businesses. You have your product that gets results and then you actually have your product that convinces people to use your product, which is your onboarding. These are two completely different challenges. You can have the best product on earth, but no one uses it because your onboarding is bad. your onboarding is going to be bad when you first build your SAS software and you overcome that with really good customer support and then grinding the out of your onboarding. And then finally, you do not start moving forward or really start trying to scale the business until you're seeing lots of these customers now getting results. You're going to see your customer results slump. You fix it, get it back to a good point, and now we're ready to start scaling the business and get to our first 100 customers. So once we have a 100 customers, there's a few things we have right now. We have a lot of results, a lot of results and a lot of testimonials. We probably have one to two big testimonials and then we also have a 100 customers in here. So, we have a lot of chatter. So, what we want to do is we want to start using these in combination with our now good onboarding and customer results and customer success aka customer support to grow the business. We have everything ready for scale. So, what we're going to start doing now is there's a few things that are really important. One, I suggest finding some type of distribution engine in your business. So, for example, at go high level, really good example of this is they made a really good clickfunneles landing page/build a business in a box software. And instead of just directly selling that, they allowed agencies to white label the software and then sell it as their own software. So, what they did is they built a distribution engine. You've probably never seen an ad for Go Highle. They're very unheard of because basically they got everybody else to sell their software for them. And so you can see the distribution engine at go high level is they have agencies resell their software. If you saw Zapier, what it did is it added a feature to so many businesses and then Zapier made pages for the businesses and then the businesses sent their traffic to those pages to get people to sign up for Zapier. Again, another distribution engine where people went and promoted Zapier for them. If you look at school or people put their businesses on those businesses. So, they put their business on and then they advertise and then these people go and buy other products on You see how it works? Same thing. Steam. All right. Huge example with Valve. I'm getting off the screen right here. But how did you figure out about Steam? A business or a video game company launched their product and then put it on Steam and told you to go check it out on Steam. And now you're a Steam user. Now you're buying all your stuff on Steam. These are distribution engines. And when you have these in your business, that's going to make it grow much faster, especially when you have all your ducks in order with the results and everything and the onboarding and the customer support all working. At Hyros Air, for example, the way we're growing that right now is we allow agencies or we're going to allow agencies to white label it. Then they can basically resell all the leads and phone calls that Air generates for the businesses that they work with. And so they're going to sell Air for us. That is the strategy behind it. at Hyros core which is the tracking functionality. A lot of this comes from agencies going signing up for this and then using that tracking on businesses to get them better results. I like the distribution engine we have at air because it's really more thought out and I didn't start using this strategy till later in my career. But thinking about this in your business when you start it like what would the distribution engine look like? This is how you're going to grow very quickly. Now the other best way to grow this is going to be metricbased growth. So, what you're going to do is now that you have all your ducks in order, you have a foundation, people are staying on, they're paying. Figure out the lifetime value of your customer. All right? What's your churn at? Get your churn super low so that when you get a person that signs up for $100 per month, they stay for three years. So, they're worth $3,600. Then what you do is you run ads and then you find ways to get people on your software for less than $3,600. Now, look, getting someone on your software, getting a $100 subscription for less than $100, nearly impossible. Getting it for $300, nearly impossible. Getting it for $500, pretty damn easy. Okay, now I know you're not going to like the answer to this right here, but say we go and we spend $500 to get a $100 subscription, but we know they stay for three years. Well, what do we do at this point? Very, very simple. We just buy endless amounts of these subscriptions. Yes, we lose a little bit of money up front, but we're nearly 7xing our money over 3 years. This is better than any stock investment ever. And then you just raise money. You just get money and then you spend that money to get customers. Or you take money that you're making already and you just use this and you start slowly spinning it up. So maybe you have like only $10,000 profit in a month. This allows you to go and buy 20 of these subscriptions, but since you just bought 20 of these subscript subscriptions for $10,000, you actually just made about $70,000 back over three years. This is going to slowly build up, giving you more profit every single month, and you just keep reinvesting it like this. And the SAS keeps growing. Now, the bonus to all this you need to understand is that when we have a distribution engine, like we talked about, we have metric-based ads growing. Then we also have all these results. And the more customers we have, the more word of mouth we have. And what's going to happen through all this is you're going to start getting more big names. Big brands are going to start coming to you on your software, applying, signing up, checking it out. You get those more big names in there, and you create this flywheel effect where you start with this very simple stuff that is all result based, and it slowly starts getting bigger and bigger. You're going to be getting more big testimonials, more testimonials, more results, more people telling them about your product, more people sharing your distribution engine, and your ads are going to become much more effective because people know who your software is, and people will be staying longer because the software gets better. So, you can spend more to get a customer. You do this, and this is how you scaled up from your 100 customers to a,000 and really all the way to your next 10,000 customers or wherever you want to be at. This has gotten us easier on the path to scaling to 50 mil AR. I think we can take it all the way to 100 mil ar at high rose. Maybe there's going to be new stuff we have to do at at some point. But this right here works on the flywheel just keeps going and going at my business. And so this is what I would suggest you do at your business. So this is how step by step to go to getting your first customers all the way to scaling to your first 30 customers, 50 customers, taking it to 100 customers, taking it to a,000 customers. Now if you want to see the type of product you should make, check out the video at the end of this video, probably around be right around here. It shows you how to find breakage and the type of product you should be making. If money is your chief concern, maybe you see everything I talk about right here in the ads, you know, like how am I going to get money? How am I going to start this business without money? How do I grow my SAS without raising money? I never raised money for house. There's a full video on bootstrapping right here. And there's also a bunch of videos on how to get started all the things I think are most important to starting SAS companies right below here. It's all for free. If you like it and you do SAS, you should subscribe to the channel and then come check out Hyros later on because we'll make your business money via its ads. By the way, that metricbased ad scaling I talked about, knowing your LTV, your customer long-term value, that's what Hyris does for SAS business. Allows you to see all the money that came down from one ad. And you should also use hires error because it just goes and gets you free customers. You just put on your site and you have calls and customers coming in that you didn't have before. It's neat. You should use it. That being said, I'll see you in the next