Title: How To GUARANTEE Your SaaS idea Will Make Millions (Full Class From 200 mil founder)
Video ID: Mm05k0oNW7M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm05k0oNW7M
================================================================================

Look, on this channel, I talk SAS and tech entrepreneurship. But if you're a business owner of any kind, if you do not get what I put in this video, you're going to fail just like all these influencer businesses. So, I know what you're thinking. Why am I mentioning influencer businesses? Because it's a perfect example of what I need to teach you today. Your business is destined to fail without it. Check out this post on X the other day. You can see all the way from Logan Paul, Casey Neistat. I'm sure you've seen all the make money online influencers who've launched their own software companies and try to get into the AI agent business. All these businesses launch tons of hype, tons of customers, huge marketing, and then they all flop and fail. Why? It's because the procs failed to achieve product market fit. They didn't check to make sure they had this before they launched their business. And so, even with the best hype in the entire world, they still all failed. And product market fit is more than just making customers like your product. It's making sure people understand, stay, and continue to pay for your product, which is an entire other beast that we're going to tackle in this video. And if you can get this first, you can essentially guarantee your SAS product or any type of business you're running is going to work, keep customers, and keep growing and making you more money. People ask me all the time, "How do I know if my product idea is good?" This is the cheat code for it that I'm about to teach you. And I would listen because this built me a software company worth hundreds of millions of dollars, and I've used to build many, many smaller companies. They're worth eight figures. It's just crispy. This is how you do it and this is how you make sure it's going to work every single time and you don't have these businesses go like all these influencer businesses. Let's discuss. Here's the first thing. Product market fit. Woo spilled a mystical letters behind this. Everybody talks about product market fit. It's talked about in SAS. If you were in tech at all, this is everybody's product market fit. Product market fit. But no one knows what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] product market fit is or has a definition for it. So, I'm going to give you a definition that actually works. And if you just achieve this one damn thing, you are going to have success. And in this video, I'm going to give you a checklist that you can go through to make sure you've achieved product market fit. Now, in a nutshell, what product market fit is is essentially where you've hit a point where your product has customers come in, people love the product, and you start seeing sales take off because people are buying your product, they're telling their friends about their product, they're using the product, they're buying more of your product, aka you have a product that works. But that's such a vague definition. And so what I actually think it is is when you actually have this and if you have this, you have a product that can scale and make you a lot of money if the market's big enough. It is when you have a collection of 20 to 50 customers that will actively freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if you turn off your product. And why would they freak out? It's because the result you are getting them is so consequential and so useful to their life that the amount of money they give you is not even an issue. It's trivial for them. In fact, they demand you take your money. If you started rejecting their money and block their access to the product, they would come with pitchforks, light your house on fire, be extremely upset. If you've ever noticed, for example, when Fortnite goes down for 15 minutes, the people don't complain or want refunds or want their money back or or to stop using the product, they start gouging their eyes out and screaming and losing their mind. This is what product market fit looks like. And so, whenever you're building a product, the first thing you're going to want to look for is this. But I'm going to break down specific criteria for you that if you achieve this checklist right here, you're going to have success because to get to this point right here, you need to know the indicators and what to build around and what things to build through. It's not just something that happens all at once. You have to build it in order. Okay, so look again, like I say before, this is exactly what I used to build my software company, Hyros, which is closing in on $40 million AR. We're growing about 40 50% a year right now. So it works obviously to this point. If you have a software company making $100 million a year, please, you don't got to listen to this video, but at least works to this point. So, take it for what it is. Now, you're also going to see me doing the same exact process with our new AI product at Hyros. You're going to notice I'm not really marketing this product for the exact reason why these influencer businesses are blowing up. You're going to see me going through this exact same checklist. So, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. So, pay attention. So, the first thing you need to look for is does it get a result for your target customer every single time? Okay. So let's talk about it in terms of my product air. So what we have right now is an AI agent. It goes out, you put on people's websites, it detects people coming to the website, and then it uses AI to reach out to them, bring them back to the website, close them, and get them on calls, increase sales. When it's put on a customer's website the right way, it increases their business by 3 to 5% each time. I'm not here to pitch you air. I'm just telling you what it does and how I look at my product and how you can look at it for your product. So the first thing is there's a lot of different types of businesses that could join up for this right now. For example, we could have like a an agency that's going to try and generate leads. Now the most important thing is we have to nail our target market first off. And so where we're trying to really get the best results are are for SAS and Shopify stores. Okay, this is our target customer with this initially. Works for everything, but these are the ones we really want to get results with every single time. So, the most important thing you need to do is you need to identify your target customer. It can't be everybody. We don't need to get results for everybody. Not everybody that logs in has every type of business type, whether they're running a zoo or a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Pokemon card store, needs to be able to sign up and get results. Just your target market, whatever it is, pick a target market, go after it. If they sign up and you hold their hand and do it for them, do they get a result 100% of the time? If the answer is no, your product isn't good enough. You don't need to be marketing it. You don't need to be taking the market. You don't need to be trying to sell it. This is it. The end. You need to go back and say, "Hey, have we nailed our target customer and their problems well enough to get them results or not. If it's not like if they're not coming in and getting a result every single time, the product doesn't work. Now, they don't have to come up and set up the product. They don't even have to use the product. If you use the product for them, aka you jerryrig it for success for them. You use your own product on their store, will they get results?" The answer is no. Do not move past this step. Keep doing this until this step is at 100%. You don't have to get them to sign up for the software or your product or whatever you're using again and they get the result. If you did it for them, would they 100% get a result? Because getting them to use the product and actively use it in their lives is a whole entire other problem. But this is the first one. Does it get a result 100% of the time? So at Air for example, before we even took this live or mentioned it, we made sure we got about 20 Shopify stores. We put them on. We made sure their revenue increased 3 to 5% when we put it on. We got SAS companies. We made sure their calls increase every single time when we set it up for them. We didn't market it. We didn't go and make some big drop. We made sure it worked every damn time before even considering putting this on our website. Now, let's look at these influencer businesses that are launching all the time. I'm going to give you just two really super duper simple examples. You see a lot of business gurus go and launch softwares. And if you've seen them launch them, the softwares are always gone within a year. Why does this happen? If they have such a huge following, and they have so many people that know about them, it's because their customers all come in, they don't get results, and then they stop paying for the software. If you do not have customers that pay three times, four times, six times, and pay for the next two, three, four years and keep coming back to your business, you don't have a business. You just don't have a business. So, there's no point in launching a product if people are not getting the result that they're looking for. You see all these fitness people launch these results in these courses or supplements and then people don't get results and people just don't give you money for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they don't need. If they don't need something they are cutting it off like that. You must make sure they get a result 100% of the time. Now the next thing you need to do once they are getting result 100% of the time you actually are cooking with fire because your main challenge right now is not having a product to get results. It's getting people to actually use the product and get results. So you must move to the next step which is the big question. Is this target market big enough? Okay. So, for example, if we got 1% of the entire SAS market and 1% of the entire Shopify market with Hyros Air, well, we we're making hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Perfectly fine. Market's big enough. If we are going after every single organic dentist in the Plano area, that's our that's our target demographic or the little suburb. No, we're not going to be able to scale this to $100 million a year. You need to be able to look at what's your goal income. So, if you want to make a million dollar per year, you can actually just go in a small market and make a small business that makes a million per year and just dominate the hell out of it. Totally fine. If you want to go and make $10 million, you're going to need more target customers. You need to look at the type of customers you're working with as well. For example, Harvey is a AI agent platform for lawyers and it only has about 500 customers. I think last I checked they're doing about $150 million a year in revenue or something crazy like that. I I forgot it was, but they had a very small amount of customers in return for how much money they're making. So again, because their target market is lawyers, there doesn't need to be zillions of customers. There just needs to be like a thousand of them, 500 of them, and they're doing very, very well. I looked at another company called Turig, and most of their money all comes from eight customers. If you look at Nvidia, I think almost all of their revenue comes from like two or three other companies. So, you got to think, you got to look at these numbers and you got to actually look at the customer size and what's going on there. So after you've identified that the target is market is big enough, you now need to go and determine if the problem and solution is big enough. Okay, so what do I mean by this? Remember when I said those people who get angry if you turn it off? So look, if you come and create some type of glue that makes my refrigerator stop squeaking and the glue costs $1,000, I'm probably just not going to pay you for that because that's not that big of a problem in my life. However, if I have a wart growing on my face and without your ointment, this wart just gets bigger and bigger, I will pay you $10,000 a day for that product. So, what you need to understand about this is that you need to solve a problem that's big enough in relation to the money that you're trying to charge that the person will lose their absolute mind if you turn it off. For example, if we connect someone to air at Hyros and they're making an extra 3 to 5% a month. Say it's a Shopify store making 100,000 a month and then we make them an extra $5,000 $7,000 per month and then we turn off air. They get really peevey very quickly. Like we can flip it on and off and make their emotions go up. We don't do this. Okay, this not this is not something we've attempted at Hyros. But I'm making the point right here. If you look at, for example, Logan Paul's Prime energy drink, which is not doing so well right now from what I heard. I'm actually I like Logan Paul. There's nothing against Logan Paul or anything they're doing. It's just the prime example of an influencer business not going well after taking off. Did the people get morbidly upset when they took away Prime or they stopped buying Prime? No. They didn't have a hard problem that they solved. That's it. It didn't. People didn't get super upset when you when they stopped buying Prime. Problem right there. If you look at a lot of these influencer businesses where they launch software, they make an attempt at software. What happens when people forget to pay their bill at the software companies that these influencers launch? Nothing. like the people don't notice. They're like, "Oh, this software I was paying for, uh, it's not there anymore." If you have that situation, you don't have a you don't have a company. Yeah, you can solve the problem, but if the problem's not that big, the person is not going to stick around. You want something, the second that credit card bill defaults or something, the person flips out because it's turn off. If if I don't pay my cell phone bill, it turns off. I notice like immediately within minutes. Okay. If I don't pay our Amazon AWS bill at Hyros, our entire software goes offline. We notice pretty quickly. Now, you don't need to have a problem that big, but this is what you need to do. If you have your product online, whether it's a supplement, whatever, just go turn it off for 30 minutes. If you don't have multiple customer support tickets with people getting really mad, you don't really have a product. Okay? Uh if if you want to if you have a supplement or something like that, just go to your site and turn off the order form for a day. If you don't have people pounding down the door and saying, "What the hell was going on?" and saying book me or notify me as soon as it comes back online. You don't have a product. Okay? You have to do this step right here after those steps I just talked about. Now, at this point, if you have these things I just talked about, you're cooking with grease. You got something good. Your biggest challenge right now is getting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the person, if this is the person and this is the cookie you're selling them, it's to put that damn cookie in their mouth. Because you have to understand, you need to love your customer. Your customer is the number one most important thing. You need to be obsessed with these people and you need to love them because what they're doing is they're paying for you and your staff's entire life. And if your company is successful, making all of you very rich. Like they're the best thing ever. Okay? But you also have to look at them this way. And this is a really good thought experiment. Don't think of your customers like this, but look at them and think in this way. Imagine your customers are a 5-year-old who's super grumpy, past their bedtime, will put effort into and nothing. They're just a little fat little fiveyear-old and will not lift a finger to get any result with your product. They will not read. They will not read more than five words at a time. They will look off in different directions. Their phone will be going off. Just think of them as the most ADHD psycho three-year-old past their bedtime grumpy person who hates you. And then imagine you're trying to get them to use your product. This is the key because for example, let's talk about Dropbox. I'm sure you've heard of them. So when they launched their product, this is something that had all the criteria that I talked to you about in the previous sections. All those all those things in the list, they had it. But when people came and signed up for them and they presented the promo to people and they had people try to sign up, only about 10% of people got to the point where they actually use the software. I don't care if you send a million people into the business. I don't care if you have Mr. Beast take his shirt off, light his nipples on fire, and declare it the best software or product on earth in the history of products. You don't have a business. It doesn't matter. So, what you need to do as soon as you have this, you need to go into your product experience, whether it's a supplement, whether it's a tool people have at their house, whether it's a software, and say, what is the initial experience like? And one, is it memorable? Is it impressive? Does it leave a good vibe with the customer in the first two minutes? Okay, in the first two minutes. And more importantly, does the customer get some sort of value and recognize the value in the first two minutes? Because if people don't recognize value, they're going to bounce. and does the customer understand the value and how to get it easily within the first two minutes. If they don't, it's not going to work. So, what you're going to see is a really good way to personify this is if you look at most SAS companies setups, um the time it takes to get value is weeks. And when people sign into software companies a lot of times, think about software tools you've bought for your business. It's like they showed up to an empty warehouse with a bunch of IKEA furniture everywhere and it says good luck in the middle. No one's going to stay around and use that even if it if it removes the wart on their face kind of problem. So what you want to do is make sure that the person gets to that initial value and has that aha moment in the first two minutes and they don't have to think. So two really good examples of this type of care is go sign up for a software called Gamma. It's a AI generation PowerPoint company worth billions of dollars right now and they've been able to achieve that in like two in the last two years. Crazy growth. The reason why they've been able to do this is they spent so much time on their first their original 30 seconds to two minutes. And if you go sign up for that software, you're going to be creating AI powerpoints and seeing the benefits and value of the software within seconds and you won't have to think. It has like coloring book pictures to get there. So the same thing when we were launching Hyros Air originally for our Shopify customers originally from the sign up they had to go through the hyro setup. They had to install some code. They had to do all this stuff. We reduced the entire setup. I'll put it on the screen right now from this which is just a bunch of jargon and onboarding stuff to literally this thing I'm playing on the screen right now. It takes the setup down to about 15 seconds and immediately within those 15 seconds they don't have to put a card down. They start seeing the software working and generating customers on their site that day. Okay. And so why did we do that and why did we not even launch the product until we had something like that up or start mass marketing which we haven't done yet. this same exact concept right here. Same thing as Dropbox. Same same thing as Gamma. I don't care what you're selling. Imagine if Eat Sleep, for example. You know that mattress that everybody sleeps on right now. That mattress, imagine if it show up to people's house and like there wasn't any good instructions and the manual stunk and stuff like that and you just got a big old mattress in a box. I don't care if that thing gets down to sub-zero arctic temperatures and makes you lose weight while you're sleeping. No one's going to put it on. And so that's why they made the boxes, the setup, the the phone app, everything. impressive as hell, clean as hell, and just like literally coloring book. If you ever sat up one of those beds, it's like put cord in thing. They have like pictures, big giant pictures. They don't even use words because everyone's too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid to read these days. They have that. Okay, so what you need to do is you start getting your first customers in and you measure how often a customer comes in and gets results. You don't need to be marketing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] until they get 100% of the way there. I guarantee all these influencer software businesses you see that always launch, they probably have one, they always charge people upfront because they know the people aren't going to get the result. It's not because they're trying to scam. It's just because they're stupid. They're like they don't they don't understand how to build a long-term business. And so they think they just need to charge up front because they're not going to get their money any other way. And so what they're going to do is they have all the people come in. Someone pays $1,000 for their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] software. And then 5% of the people even get to fully set up with the software because that's how software works. You don't have a business. The next time this bill rolls around and people aren't going to resubscribe, business is dead after the second reoccurring bill. That's it. Why on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name would you send 100,000 people down this funnel when 95% of them are going to cancel just cuz they can't even get to the value of your software? I don't care if your software literally makes your dick 10 feet bigger. It's not going to work if they don't get to the value. So once you get people going down your funnels and after they buy or do your trial and you get to 90% of people getting to the value and understanding the value and getting what you're doing, what you then need to do is look at this one last final thing. Is it good enough that they're telling their friends, this is their friend, this is friends about it. This is the final step. If you have all those things I said before, people getting morbidly upset when you turn it off. 90% of people getting to the result and you can witness them telling their friends about you can put things in there like an affiliate program or distribution model uh kind of like for example Zapier all the software companies that plugged into it they made pages on their website and all the companies started sending people to their uh to the Zapier website to hook in with Zapier distribution model right there. If you look at school for example, people really like school and so they go and create classrooms on school and they share the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of it because they get affiliate incomes from school uh or from the school classrooms doing it and they also really like the product. The same exact thing going on with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in that situation right now. That's why WOP's growing like crazy because people share it and tell all their friends about it. They create this community where people are talking about two prime examples right there in software right now. I really want you to think about the experiences you've had with products and what products you're really into. You probably have a few supplements. You probably have a few clothing brands. some things you just really like and you've told a lot of people about without any incentive from the company. You probably most of the things you use, that's how you use them or you look for some referral online. Once you have that, that's when things are crispy. That's when things are really crispy because what you're going to have is you have this funnel where people freak out. They want to keep paying you. They come in at such a high rate and have success at high rate that they keep paying you to super high rate and then they tell their friends and your their friends all go through that same exact process. This is how companies like Slack or Gamma or other companies I mentioned in this video go from nothing to worth billions of dollars hyper quickly. This is all there is to it. And then once you have all this, you have like this this steroid chipmunk covered in gasoline. All right. This is He's right here. Here's his ears. And you also It's also shaped like Wyoming. We'll give him a give him a There you go. There's There it is. You have the superpowered squirrel covered in gasoline and you're just sitting in him with a flamethrower at this point. Okay, this is a terrible example. Anyways, you got this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] squirrel and you have this thing that would have just been a little bundle of matches. It's now a giant log covered in gasoline and it just explodes when you send stuff in there and then people stay for years and so you keep this energy. What is going on with all these influencer businesses and how most people run their businesses is they don't have that and so they have this pile of matches. They send in thousands of people into the pile of matches. There's a little puff and then the energy gets lost. It it doesn't escape. You want to start off with five people. Just five five [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come in there. You send them in and you make sure all five of those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stay. They do not want to leave. They they will fight you if you're like, "Hey, it's time TO LEAVE." THEY'RE LIKE, "That's what you want." Okay. Then once you have that, you make sure all those other things like establish, you make sure when you send five more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there, they get all the way there and they end up in that same psychotic place as those other five [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then you make sure they tell five other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. Then once you have all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here staying in here getting all humpy dumpty, then you send in a thousand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into this environment right here and none of them leave. So this is the exit. They're all like, "Nope, nope." They bar the exit and make it so you can't even put the exit there without them suing you or something. That's when you are going to have an incredibly wildly successful business. And if any of these influencers did it, the reason their businesses are failing is not because they're influencers or hype doesn't matter. Hype reallying matters. It's it's it's phenomenal. It's it's it's great. You want to have lots of hype. It's great marketing. It matters that you have these things so the customers stay after they hit. It's the only thing. If Logan Paul had done this with his and they they had found some way to make Prime stick and they had done test groups where people actually kept buying it. They made sure people kept buying it without prompting from Logan and KSI every single time. A zillion dollar brand. If all the other companies that I mentioned made sure that people kept buying, if all these influencers and make money influencers, the softwares they launched, uh the crypto companies they launched and all stuff, they made sure people kept buying afterwards, zillion dollar companies, zillion dollar companies immediately, but they don't. And so they become zero dollar companies. They go that's why you see companies like school. I don't know if you know Sam Ovens, he used to be an influencer, used to be a make money guy. He's like, "Hey, you know what? I'm just going to go sit in my house and never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk to anybody ever again." He made school. He did this exact same process. Make sure that every person that comes in stays forever and then he slowly just got more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in who told everybody about everything else and then it just slowly fly out. You will never see Sam on the internet like at all anymore. There's like videos on like with 30,000 views and the company's worth like $800 million. So you tell me what works. It's this process right here. It's simply this process right here. This is the same process I use to get high roast my business a large amount. This is the exact same process I'm using at our new product there as well. I think if you look need tracking for your SAS or Shopify company or you want literally to just add three to five percent more calls or revenue, you should check out Hyros Air or Hyros tracking. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. You you'll like it a lot. But this video isn't the pitch of those things to tell you how to build your bu your business properly and what's worked for me over and over and over again. So that's the video. If you like these videos, subscribe and um you know, bye.