Title: I Explain How Facebook "Story Ads" Net Me $24k A Day
Video ID: 9mkDmdjMS9o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mkDmdjMS9o
================================================================================

This manipulative process I'm going to show you right here gets people to view your ads and do what you want, which is really the goal of an ad. If you're running ads where you don't want people to view them, and you absolutely don't want them to do what you want, this is not the video for you. Just off. Go and watch some Tik Tok reaction video, I can't help you. But if that the the thing I mentioned previously, manipulating people on the internet very effectively to give you money is what you're seeking. Woo! this video. Woo! This is going to get you going because I'm going to give you a process for ads or really any content, but specifically for ads shrinking on this that gets people to not only watch your ad, but follow all the way through and then desperately need to click and then buy or do whatever the heck you want them to do on the opposite side of that ad. It's because the way that humans understand and want to do anything is through loops. And in this instance, story loops. They have to see the premise, the trailer for what they want in a very specific way that not only hooks them at the start, but then makes them say, "I want to see more at the end of it." And this is by using stories in our ads in a very specific templated way, which is great for you because this isn't going to require you to think. You could just copy what I'm doing right here. This for me has worked and built me multiple eight figureure businesses. It's built me a nine-figure business. And across billions of dollars worth of ad spend, which I see because I'm the CEO of Hyros, one of the largest tracking companies in the world, I consistently see story type ads, or at least ads that encompass this story-like mentality that I'm going to show you in this video, do exceptionally well. They have very high clicks. They have very high engagement. And a lot of times, if the offer on the other side of them doesn't suck ass, it sells a lot of that offer, too, because all the real work to selling that offer is done in the original ad. So, what I want to do in this video is I want to show you how this works without any course or mastermind to pitch you. It's all laid out here. There's no secret tip you have to pay me $59.99 for. And the reason for that is because I want you to go make so much more money with the content on this channel from your ads that you eventually think, "Wow, I'm making a lot of money. I'd like to make more money. Maybe I should track my ads and not run them like a drunken baboon and use Hyros," which literally everybody does. Maybe you already use it or you don't. And if you don't, well, everybody's using it. What are you doing, dork? You track your ads. It's important to see where your sales are coming from so you can get more of them and optimize your ads. I know it's a foreign thing, but please, once you make more money from this video, use it. So, that being said, let me show you what I like to call this storybook method to get people to not only watch your ads, but do what you want in your ads and then be hooked the entire way through. So, let's get into it. So, as always, the best way to explain this is with our very lowquality drawing board app presentation. I know you guys come here for the dog content. We're gonna keep it chef's kiss coming to you just the low quality content you've come to expect. So look, in order to get people to do stuff, you have to get their attention and you have to really you you have to make them want to complete an action. And the best way to make people to complete an action is to realize where you can remove holes in communication that pique their interest and make them want to keep the communication going. So the perfect way to really put this an example for you is when you watch a movie or a television show that's particularly gripping. The reason why you're watching it and the reason why you stop watching it when the show is complete or the story is complete is because the human brain has very specific needs to complete stories or complete loops. And what a story really is is a bloop that is done in such a way that you have to keep filling in the next blank, the next blank and the next blank. If you ever watch Harry Potter or any movie that you love, let's say Lord of the Rings, uh Frodo gets this ring and now it's going to cause all sorts of hell on earth if it's not thrown in Mount Mortar. What happens next? You can see there's a loop that has to be completed right there. And so the way people get moved through stories or movies or any good gripping content is there's this unfulfilled loop that they must always complete and the loop doesn't let them go until the end of it. It's not even really about the story. It's about the quality of the loop. On top of that, the most powerful human emotion there is is FOMO or fear of being left out or fear of not doing the most cutting edge thing or not knowing something that everybody else knows. If we can combine these two things together, we really can get people um interested in whatever the heck we're doing, even if it's not uh remotely unique or even one of their their interests. You can hook people that aren't even interested in like, I don't know, women's makeup into this process just by using this type of story loop right here. So, I'm going to walk you through this right here. Now, an example of these ads and me walking through scripts like this is linked below this video. And no, it's not a course or some mastermind. It's just another video on this YouTube channel. I just don't want this this video to be 30 minutes. So I'm going to explain the mythology and psychology and hysterology and things that end withology in this video and then you can go watch the script and everything broken down yourself after this video is done. So let's start from the very beginning right here and what's most important. So what we want to really focus on throughout this entire process I'm going to lay out to you is we want it to remain vague and complete and we never want to answer the story especially in the ad. What people do in ads, I'm just going to move up the video right here because we don't need to draw, is what people do in ads, it's a big mistake, is they try and explain everything they're doing and and get the whole entire story laid out there and make the person understand how it works. So, for example, at Hyros, we sell AI tracking and optimization that when you plug it in, it's going to make your ads much more profitable. I don't want I don't care if people understand how it work, particularly in the ad. I don't even care if they understand how we do it. If you look at a lot of our ads and hire us, which you can click at below this video, um there's all sorts of ads I've ran throughout my career when it comes to e-commerce or info marketing or whatever. I don't care if the person even understands how we're doing. I don't even care if the person understands that tracking. My goal with an ad is to get someone to click and want to learn more. I have to get them off of Facebook. I have to get them off of Instagram. I have to get them off of YouTube where there's Taylor Swift videos and cat videos and Only Fans girls shaking their ass every other scroll down. I have to get them away from that. They're not going to do anything I want when that type of is going on. I have to get them on my site and wanting to learn more. And then when they get to the the site, again, we don't want to complete the loop there either, but that's a whole other different game that is also explained below this video. It's what you should put on pages to get people to convert after. Everything's on this channel. You should never leave. But what I'm trying to do in an ad is we have to remember that we're trying to get the person to click and come for more information. We're not trying to explain to them anything. We don't want them to understand anything. So, you're like, "Hey, do you want to see uh Lord of the Rings? Here's every single thing that happens in the movie." No, we don't want to do that. We just want to show them the opening scene where like Froto puts the ring on and disappear. I don't I don't know. I'm not explaining. We want to show them the opening scene where Harry's getting a flood of letters from the wizardry school and you're like, "What the is going to happen next here? Why is there some fat giant man kicking down his door?" You want to see what's going on here. You don't want to be like, he gets invited to a wizardry store and then kills Voldemort. Spoiler alert, Harry Potter beats Voldemort in the first book if you didn't know. If you're under the age of 10 and you've never read that book, I'm I've just ruined it for you. But you don't want to tell them what happens. You want to get them to that point. So, how do we do that with our ads? So, the first thing we're going to do right here with our ads is we're going to start with a story slashbenefit. Now, what do I mean by that? There's two ways you can do this. You can tell the story of someone else getting a result or you can simply call out the person and talk about how you're getting a result using something they've never heard of before in both instances right here. So, if you go and look at the ads below, one of them you're going to see is where I'm selling people an infoarketing course. Um, and I talk about the results that person A got using this weird Walmart hacky method. Okay? And so, the reason why I say Walmart hacky method is because I don't want people to understand what I'm saying. I want them to think it you you want it to translate to how this person got this result doing something you've never heard of before but should know about. So what I like to use is I like to use similar type of wording like Walmart which is very real which people relate to but then also make it seem like something they don't understand or they never heard about before. So using this Walmart espionage method or something like that. So, it's something they understand and something they don't understand to relate to something that they feel they could grasp, but they don't actually understand what it is, which makes them want to hear how they got the result. Two, you can just literally call it out. Are you a person that runs ads and wants to see 15% more? Okay. Um, from this, I'm going to show you how we did this with this thing that you've never heard of and are not doing because you're kind of stupid. That's that's not what we're I'm trying to convey in ads. But what I'm trying to make the person do is feel a little bit insecure. Because if you ever look at like media buyers for example, if you're a media buyer watching this, which is the audience for this channel, I'm going to tell you something about yourself, you get a little bit insecure constantly because there's always people that are upping the ante when it comes to running ads. And so you're constantly thinking, oh, what's this this thing I'm missing out on? What's this ads I'm missing out on? What's this one thing I'm not doing in the ad platform manager that I'm missing out on? If you look at all the best media ad buying content internet, it's always like this one thing you're not doing that everybody else is. That's what we want to get going. And so we we do this by entering the story like this. So if you see the ads for hires, it's going to be you know this one thing um is increasing ads by 15%. It's AI print tracking. Now what we want to do is again connect it to something that they believe that they don't already know. So if you look at the ads for Hyros for example, I I connect it to AI print tracking. Now what is AI print tracking optimization? I don't actually know. I made up the word like four years ago. It's just a fancy word for um I don't I don't actually even know what it means. At Tyrros, we do a lot of top tier tracking and a lot of things that other people don't do that allow us to track ads and optimize them with AI. But to sum up all the cool fancy stuff we do, I just made up a big broad term that nobody understands. Why? Because when we start the story of how this person got a result or how you can get results, we want to connect it to something that they don't understand. Why? Because when they don't understand it, then they think that they're missing out on something. And so this whole entire story loop just opened up that leaves them feeling insecure or missing out and that there's this piece of information that they don't understand that they need to complete. So we connect it to this vague slightly relatable thing AI print tracking. Now what's what's how does the AI work? All right. What is print tracking? How does isn't tracking connecting an attribute? How does how does how is this different than other tracking? All these questions pop up. And that's really what we want to do. We want to connect the result to a bunch of terms or terminology or story that creates tons of questions. It doesn't answer anything and we just want to keep building on these questions. Now, what people really care about this is this result and then figuring out the mystery of the result. So, the number one thing we don't want to give them when we're running ads is this because this is what's going to hook them around. We don't want to we don't want them to understand how the result is and we don't even want them to understand what we're doing. We want them to feel almost more confused and needing to click at the end of the ad. So, what we're then going to do is we're going to follow this exact pattern right here. All right. So, we already have them hooked with the storybook opener right here. What we then want to do in this instance is connect it to a big bet that works or a big bet slash sign of strength. So, when I was doing infoarketing ads, for example, um it was like the story of how this person made this much money doing the weird Amazon espionage thing. And to prove how consistently it works, we're going to do this live in front of you uh during a full call and get to $200 a day with this store. So, what is this? This is like a feat of strength. This is if I'm saying like, look, I have this this creatine powder that increases strength 150%. And what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to give it to a ton of people live in this video right here on the other side of this ad. And we're going to track their before and after results within one day of each other. And you're going to see the huge gains across 20 different people. This is some big giant feet of strength bet. This creates like this, hey, this result right here that you don't understand is incredible. And we're going to do something crazy to prove that it works. Okay. What I do at Hyros right here is I make the big AI tracking, the big announcement or whatever of how it improves people's ads, which it does across 4,000 plus businesses, pretty much every big name on the internet. When people sign up for Hyros and use it, they see 15 to 20% increases in their ads. Because if you don't track your ads and you don't use that data to optimize your ads, you're going to get worse results. I don't see how people expect to run their ad accounts accurately when you're only seeing 60% of your sales and none of your long-term revenue coming in. I mean, look at my ads just right here for Hyros. Facebook is tracking like 60% of the calls that we're doing. If I was running my ads off Facebook data, I would not have a business. I would not be able to run my ads because I don't know which ads are profitable and which ones are killing it. And the way you grow ads and the way you make more money is you find the ads that are killing it and you scale them and you can't see what ads are killing it if you don't track it. I'm not going to get into that anymore. I think you guys all know what it does. That's my slight hybrid show for the video. Let's get back to the actual content. But what I'm going to do in those ads is I'm going to say, "Look, if you or the way you know that this works is that if this does not deliver the result that it's looking for, aka you don't see this result right here, you don't pay for it." And this has worked across 4,000 plus businesses. So, you know that if this didn't work, we wouldn't have a business model right here. What I'm doing right here is I'm making a big bet or a fit of a feat of strength. Okay. So, the final way to really explain this is like there's this really famous golf ad where this guy says, "I'm going to hit this ball 400 yards, and I'll I'll prove it to you right now." And then he hits it 400 yards. You want to set up some type of story where if people click, the worst thing about that ad I just brought up is that he solves the whole entire story in the ad itself. You want to say, "Hey, if you come click this video right here, you come click this, I'm going to hit this ball 400 yards 10 times in a row right in front of you." because we want to get them isolated before we actually start hitting them hard. That's just one thing that's throwing in right there. But we want to make some big bet of strength or feet of strength or some big bet to lure them in because they want to see if this bet actually pays off. All right, so that's the next thing we want to do in our ads. Then what the person is looking for in this ad right now is for you to explain how it works. We're not going to do that at all. What we're going to do is we're actually going to qualify it. So, what I'll do at info businesses is I'll collect all of our results and testimonials and say, "Look, you're going to have to click this ad to see what I just talked about on the other side, but here's the endless amount of testimonials and results of people that have gotten results." And then you show tons and tons of results. What I'm going to do at Hyros is I'm going to show all the famous customers that we have and all the big brands and all large businesses that we have. than than all the thousands and thousands of other testimonials that we have to say, "Look, I don't have time to explain this in this video, but here's absolute undeniable proof that this works." And then what we're going to do in the ad is we're going to tell them what to do next and a reason to do it now. So, when we're doing this, we want to tell the person what to do next. Obviously, a lot of people just don't tell people to click the ad or don't tell people to move forward and don't tell them what to do on the next page. What we want to do is we want to tell them that they need to move now and set this up. So, there's m multiple different ways we can do this. If you're using an info business or an ecom business, using specials, discounts, some type of lower to get people to click the ad is absolute bangers. And I think you should use that especially when you're retargeting because then you can really if they sell the first offer and you offer them a special offer, they're much more likely to jump into that special offer. If you show people the special discounted offer right away, it's not special. So, you can use all sorts of things like that. At our info business, we use like, for example, this presentation is limited or, you know, we're only doing a few of these a week kind of thing. Now, of course, with infoarketing, that's a little bit tongue-in-cheek where you're always doing some special discount or some special weekly thing, but it just gives people a reason to click. Now, okay, at Hyros, what I like to do is I like to just basically point out every single day you're not doing this, you're losing money and not able to move forward with this. This is not as strong as a discount or a scarcity based reason or some time or or something exclusively they're going to get or miss out on. However, having some reason for them to click now is just what you want to finish up the ad with. And what we want to focus on right here is we created this story at the very start of the ad. We we started Lord of the Rings and then we literally didn't tell them anything about what happens next. And they still want to know the answer to this damn story. But now what they also know throughout this is that the story is very good. I introduced that I the idea of AI print tracking to them and they want to know what it is and all I've done is just verified that it absolutely rocks with the info marketing or e-commerce story that I talked about before how this person right here went and was able to get a house with how much money they made from this certain thing. All I did after that is I didn't ever tell them how the story ends. I just simply verified that the story is 100% real and delivers the result and all that stuff they're looking for. So, aka this movie is really good. And so, that's what we want to be doing in our ads. You never want to just answer the loop or or even halfway complete the loop when you're creating an ad. What you want to do is you want to get them hooked and very interested in the story and then verify that the story delivers the juice that they're looking for. Then once you get them to the page itself, there's a whole other game to be played when it comes to bombing them with results and making the story work with this ad and completing it. Which is why as soon as you finish this video, you should watch one of the videos below that breaks down the scripts for these ad. You It's literally word for word what you should be writing into it. On top of that, I break down the pages, how I sell from the pages, everything that works. This stuff absolutely drives massive amounts of clicks from Facebook, YouTube ads. And as the years have progressed, I have not been able to find a format that ad or a format of ad that works better than this. So go watch those videos. That's the video for today. You have more content to watch, so I'm just going to let you click below and see those. I'll see you in the next video this