Title: If I wanted to be rich fast, I'd build this EXACT business in 2025
Video ID: wlsiPNRT3Ic
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlsiPNRT3Ic
================================================================================

So, across all my tech companies, I built a net worth north of $200 million. Woohoo! Cool. But if you actually look at it, it's kind of embarrassing because I did it all the wrong way, especially in my first decade. I built the wrong businesses. I made it way harder than it should have been. And if I known what I'm going to show you in this video, I'd be worth so much more so much sooner, and I would have made my hundreds of millions in my 20s instead of my later 30s. In fact, once I started applying what I showed you in this business, it wasn't like my net worth gradually went up across my career. It mostly just exploded the last three, four years because I finally stopped being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot and built my businesses the right way. So, the number one thing I always get asked on our live streams, which you should subscribe to this channel for, you should come attend those. They're really cool. I answer any questions you have about business. But the number one question I always get asked is, "What type of business should I build?" And this is the right question, but going about it in a stupid way. Let me explain. You think it comes down to like the business model you pick. There's a bunch of business models you can pick. SAS, e-commerce, consulting, agencies, whatever the kids on YouTube are telling you to build these days. And this is all wrong. What you want to pursue is it doesn't matter what the business model is. The business needs to have these pillars. It needs to have these legs. It needs to be built around these four principles. And if you have these four things, it is going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And not only will it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, but it will ship money easily. You won't have to struggle to sell it. You won't have to struggle for it to grow. It will grow on autopilot. The only thing you will have to worry about is your business is growing so fast that you get so many copycats and you have to then be better than the copycats to regain your title or keep your title as the,000 lb gorilla in the room. This is so brutally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] effective that I will no longer even attempt to build a business without these pillars. I won't do it. Like, I just absolutely won't. I'm going to sit down and make sure the business has these things and I'm going to build the business around these things until it has these things. And if it doesn't have these things, I will not move forward. So whether you're a beginner or whether you have an existing business right now, you should apply these things because they will make it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And not only will it sh money, but this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of money will be easy. Let's begin. So look, my little pattern, here's why these four things are important. And then we're going to get straight into them. So look, when you have these four things, it's going to make selling in your business extremely easy. It's going to make caping your customers very easy and it's going to make your customers getting you more customers very very very easy. When you have these things together, what's going to happen is you have like a little snowball in your business and then it's going to start sliding down hills. And if you've ever experienced snowballs, you know that as they go downhill, they get bigger and bigger and bigger and they pick up speed to the point where they're moving so fast that you don't have to worry about the snowball going downhill. The way most people build businesses is they take those little like spiky balls, you know, in Super Mario that that land on you and make make Super Mario die. Those things. Yeah. So, they like are attached to the ground and every inch you push them downhill, they keep attached to the ground. So, you have to keep the effort up the entire way through. And so, you're pushing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing that as you move downhill, it doesn't get easier to push downhill. We want something that gets moving so fast you can barely keep up with it. And these four principles are the things that get you there. So, first things first, the first principle you need to focus on if you want your business to grow explosively is the customer result. But it needs to not only just be a customer result. I know you're rolling your eyes like, "Oh, the the product has to actually work." No, it has to be more than that. The result has to be so good that the customer throws a tantrum if you turn off the product for just a minute. Let me explain. So you might notice a few days ago where AWS went offline and everybody lost their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind on X and everything because all their businesses went offline for like an hour or two or something like that. That is the example of what we want to happen with our product. If you're able to turn your product off for 1 to two hours and your customer support line isn't full of people screaming and going nuts, the result isn't good enough. Now I know what you're thinking. Do we want to piss off our customers to the point that they're extremely angry all the time at us? No, that's not the point I'm trying to make right here. The point I'm trying to make is your product has to be so good that people notice it the second it's absent. If you run a business right now and I go and turn off your Slack channel, you're going to be hitting up Slack within the hour if it's not back. If I go and turn off your Zapier account that manages all the connections with your APIs and something in your business goes down, you're going to be freaking out. If Stripe, your business processor, out hanging up their support and your business could potentially be ruined. Now, I'm just listing software examples because this is the business industry that I'm in. This is something I think about a whole lot. So, I have endless amounts of software examples, but I want you to think about examples in your life where if the product goes down, you are just absolutely livid. So, for example, in my life, I have a Pelaton membership and I used those workout classes every single day of the treadmill. If that goes offline, it went offline for like 2 hours the other day. I was really pissed off and it ruined my entire day. I've had similar experiences with like, for example, my Netflix account or specific workout supplements or peptides that I take. If you've ever noticed when like World of Warcraft goes down and people start flaming World of Warcraft and Blizzard, same example right there. What you need to think about though when it comes to your product is, is the result so damn good that people freak out when they no longer have access to it? If you do not have this in your e-commerce product, your consulting, your agency, you do not have a good product, you do not have something that's going to make you a lot of money for this one reason. Also, these tactics right here are going to make your business grow explosively. But having good sales and marketing is very cool, too. Which is why you should subscribe to this channel because I used to release a ton of courses on sales marketing. I can sell basically pickles to a person that's allergic to pickles. And while I don't think you should use these as the cornerstone in your business, I think you should use these things. If you're able to sell very well, if you're able to run ads very well, you're able to make sales copy and sell on the phone very well, it's going to be also very easy to make a lot of money for your business. And I will tell you how. Give you this whole $20,000 worth of businesses. But you have to subscribe. And then once a month in my community tab, I post a link to all these courses. You can get them for free, but you will not see this link unless you're subscribed. So, subscribe. Also, the channel doesn't totally suck. So, you should definitely subscribe for that as well. All right, let's get back to it. People don't want to pay for anything. They don't want to. They don't want to continue paying for anything. They don't want extra products. They want less products. And so, what happens if your product does not achieve this with a person, they'll eventually just stop paying for it whenever it's convenient. So, for example, if you look at a lot of e-commerce companies or or athletic apparel companies or supplement companies where you can't really pin down the exact result, what happens was when people's credit cards decline or they just get a little bit lazy and don't want to go fill out that form to order another product, they just stop paying for it and nothing happens to them. You can't build a big explosive business without this type of result. And so, for example, I'm going to give you examples in my business is when we built Hyros originally, we attached the people's ad tracking. If you put our tracking on people's ads, they make 15 to 20% more because they're not flying blind with their ads anymore. And hyrosus becomes so so essential to people's businesses that when their ad tracking in their Hyru extension or the reporting is out, which we try ultimately never to do, but there's a few times when it does go out, we have endless people smashing our support instantly because they can't run their ads without us. That's the type of result that you need to have in your product because it comes down to this one last thing. If you don't have this result, people will not continue to buy more of your product and spend and come back to it, whether it's a reoccurring subscription or just buying more for years. And if you don't have that, it becomes very difficult to build a business because every single sale you get eventually dies and you have to get another one. Think about this for one second. If you had a business where you are charging $200 a month, not cheap, but not expensive either by any standards and services. Now imagine every customer you have stays for 10 years. In order for your business to get to $72,000 per year, you really just need to get 30 customers. And if they never ever ever leave, you have a $6,000 per month business, a $72,000 per year cash stream. Now, at 0% churn, you're going to get probably a 10x right here. So, you instantly have a business worth $720,000 on paper. Now, think how hard it would actually be to get 30 customers at $200 per month. It really wouldn't be that hard. You could actually just manually message people on Facebook and show them your product if you had a product to get a result like that. So, there's a lot of people that are building AI agents and similar right now that are able to actually do this. Now, imagine if you just continue this and you added five clients a month just manually messaging people via Instagram or whatever. Just five clients per month. Every single month you add another 12,000 to this and another $100,000 in potential valuation. If you just continue this for an entire year, you're going to have a business that's worth multiple millions of dollars without much effort because people never leave. And so this is why instead of going out there and trying to build all sorts of different businesses and stuff like that, you instead just focus on the result and making a result that is so good that the customer freaks out the second it's turned off. You don't want to intentionally do that. But if again customers are not blowing up your customer support, not going insane on X when your product is offline, not messaging you, texting you, you don't have a product. So instead of going and doing anything else, focus on getting to this first. Now the next principle that you have to understand that's going to make this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money is you have to understand too the ease of the result. So I want you to think about if you've ever used Tinder. Now I know a lot of you guys watching this channel about 5'2 and you don't get a lot of swipes, right? And you have more chance of becoming the president of the United States than touching a woman. But bear with me. Just think about this for a second. If you ever downloaded Tinder or Uber, how easy was it to get the initial result or initial experience? You download Tinder. You maybe get a few matches right away or you start using it. You get the point of the product. You download Uber. You don't have to go through any tutorial. You just press a button and suddenly there's a car at your house. This is an example of what you want your product experience to be like. Why? Because if you look at most products out there, let's look at software companies or agencies or anything of the sort. What usually happens is only about 30% of people that buy the product end up actually getting to the result. You could have the best product on planet earth, but the result is quite difficult and a lot of products to get to. So I'll give you two examples actually at my businesses. So the initial version of Hyros the tracking company, we got the results. If you put Hyros on your ads, you will make 15 to 20% more. We literally guarantee it. Like it's it's guaranteed. The issue is the technical setup on tracking on a lot of businesses is actually quite technical. And so this requires people to spend maybe 20 minutes of their time setting up Hyros. That's actually a bold ask if you've ever thought about procs. For example, I got an eightle mattress and I was doing the setup for that and the only thing that stopped me from throwing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mattress out the window was the fact that I spent $8,000 for it and I'm like I I I want my bed to be cold. It was it was terrible. I almost didn't use the product before that. And I can guarantee with eight sleep or products like that a significant amount of people 50% or more probably don't end up using the product just through the setup process because it's difficult to get that result. Now I'm going to give you an example of where we lost at hyros. So, for example, if you look at one of our competitors at the time, they're not really in tracking anymore, but the time they were, Triple Whale, they decided to go and make tracking very similar to us, but they only did it for Shopify stores. Now, at Hyris, right now, you can actually press a button and you'll be able to plug a Shopify store in in 10 seconds. But our focus was on all the different businesses that are out there. Triv Mill made their only focus Shopify store. And because of that, a person was able to come in, connect their Shopify store, and instantly start tracking within seconds. They got to the result and they got a a dashboard full of interesting data within seconds. That was the only difference between their business and ours. Their business grew explosively. Now, Hyris is a very big multi-figure business. But Triple exploded exploded due to this. It's the same thing due to Clavio as well with their autoresponder that connects to Shopify stores. They were able to get to the result that's very good. Actually, I believe their tracking is inferior to higher. So, their result was inferior, but they got people to this result faster than us. Therefore, they won in that part of the market. And so everything I focus on now when I build businesses, for example, if you look at our new product at Hyros Air, people can slap it on a Shopify store, they can slap it on their site, increases their revenue by 3 to 5%. I'm not here to pitch you these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things. When your businesses start making money or whatever, and you're interested, come and check it out. But that's not the point of this video. The point of this video is with Air, every ounce of what I've done is focusing on the person pressing a button and reducing the setup down to seconds where they don't have to think. They don't have to do anything. and they don't have to set up the AI agents. They don't have to do anything. Why? Because I know that the result isn't enough. The result has to be easy. Because if you have 100 people come into your business, but only 10 of them stick around, which is like most businesses, because they it took so long for them to get to result, well, you're losing 90% of your business, and it's going to be hard to grow the business. If you grow a business and you get a 100 people in the door and 95% of them get to that result and 95% of them get to that result that's so good that they will freak the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if it's turned off, you're going to have a business that grows like a wildfire. So, not only should you focus on that result right away, but you need to focus on making that result as easy as possible or reducing your business to only the customers that can get that result and then making it like a kitty bounce pad bowling alley. You ever seen where the kids throw the bowling ball down the the alley and they can't mess it up? That's what you have to do. And not only that, you have to make the bowling ball get there like that. If you can do that like Uber did with their app, like Triple Whale did with their analytics solution, like Slack does, for example, have you ever used Slack before? You you sign in, you don't pay anything, and you eventually start getting that result very quickly. That's what you need to focus on with your business. Number three, how do you bill people? The hardest thing in all of business is the point where they put their card down and they see that bill come in every single month. So, every single month at Hyros, we have like a giant Stripe bill. It's like tens and tens and tens of thousands. Actually, like 40, 50. I don't even know. It's ridiculous. I don't like looking at the stripe bill. But the way Stripe bills is every single time a transaction comes in, let's say we get a $1,000 transaction, they're going to take $30 of that. We never actually even see them bill us. It just happens in a phantom way. It's painless. And so, how bills is based on value, and they don't bill you until they've delivered the value. Now, if you look at most agencies and you look at most products that are sold, the person has to exchange an immense amount of value before they ever get that result. And every time they get build, it's an event. So, I want you to think about every single time you go to the grocery store, it's an event. You feel pain as your build. Every single time you pay an agency for a service, every single time you pay for an expensive software like Salesforce or heck, even for example like Hyros, one of our biggest problems and the problems with the original version of Hyros is how it builds cuz it's a lot of money build all at once. It's a big old event. This leads to people turning. This leads to people quitting. This leads to people eventually sometimes feeling so much pain they don't continue paying or they don't join the software in the first place. Whereas if you look at Stripe, they don't bill you anything when you set up. They don't do anything. If you look at Unity or Unreal Engine, they don't bill you anything. You just start using it and then blah blah blah and then you start making money and then they start billing you in very subtle ways on every single transaction. You actually never feel pain. Look at businesses like Unis swap or Coinbase or Pumpfun in crypto. So for example, Pumpfun in crypto is an amazing example. They have made over a billion dollars in cash the last year. A billion dollars in cash. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cash. Not revenue, whatever. Just cash. Cash in the door. How do they do this? Well, all the the meme traders out there, people are able to launch a coin, they're able to then trade it on the platform. And Pumpfund collects a sub 1% fee of every transaction on there. So many people use it, they never notice. And so people are out there and they have racked up bills or amount of money they've given the pump. Fun, they they've transacted $10,000 in the platform and ended up paying them $100,200, $300. So every single user that comes on Pump. Fun ends up paying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of money to use Pump. fund, but they never feel it because the value is attached to every single bill. Every single time they do a $100 transaction, they pay $1. They don't know it's the $1, they know it's the $99 they're able to trade. What then happens is so for it's it's kind of funny if you look at crypto, billions and billions and billions and trillions of volume have been spent on pump the fund and suddenly everyone in crypto knows like, hey, these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made a billion dollars off of us and what have they given back to the industry. Now, that's just the crypto overall behavior and how they view it. I this is a very common business model. pump that did anything wrong. It's just that people noticed, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where did all of our money go?" And they never felt any pain the entire way through. If you look at Coinbase, you'll go and trade a million dollar per year on Coinbase and you'll never even notice you've been build until you look at the fact that you have over $20,000 in billing from the year to Coinbase and you're like, "How the hell did this happen?" Now, look, the point I'm trying to make here is not that you should like suddenly phantom steal your customers money. That's not what these businesses are doing. The point I'm trying to make here is you should attach value to your billing. So a really good example of this is Intercom. If you look at their new billing structure for Finn, they charge 99 per every customer support ticket that they solve. On average, a business spends $28 to solve a support ticket. So, when you start seeing that bill coming in for intercom, every single time you see that Finn has solved the customer support ticket, you see that 99 cents build, you also note you save $28. So, they do this and this makes it incredibly easy for them to build because your billing is attached to value. You never spend until you get value. And the paying threshold of every single billing point is very tiny. You do this right here. This is the same billing process that Zapier has, the same billing process Stripe has, the same billing process that unis swap, which allows you to exchange carryings in crypto. Uh the same billing process of Coinbase, Binance, Pump.fund, this is how they all run and people never notice the billing coming in. And these are the most profitable [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] businesses you've ever seen because the billing event is so painless. So if you're going to design anything, attach your billing to the result itself. Let's say you're selling AI agents to businesses. Attach the billing upon them actually getting sales. So, if they make a $100 sale, don't build them $1,000 upfront. Just build them 1% 2% 3% of every sale you generate. That's how you want to bill. And then bill in those very small increments that stack up over time. And then if you can bill every single time it happens, not at the very big end of it. So, it's some big billing event. This is a very psychological game right here that has nothing to really do about the product and result in the customer experience. But this has everything to do with the billing experience, which is the most painful part of buying a product. You do this right here. People are going to spend so much money at your business effortlessly with glee. This is the best way to focus on billing in the entire world. And if you can get this into your business, you're going to make so much money. So an example how we've done this at Hyros, if you look at air, our new AI agent, you put it on your website, you're going to make about 3 to 5% more from your business, guaranteed. And the way that we bill is you only pay for air when it creates sales for you. And you're paying a very small percentage of every single sale that comes in. And so you're never a point where you get build by air without getting a result. You plug it in for free, you use it for free. When it goes and makes you $1,000, okay, then you spend and pay $50 for air and very tiny increments. So you actually never are build without seeing insane immense value first. Not every business model works with this billing structure right here. It it just doesn't. But if you get back to the point of the video that I made at the beginning, I want to build every single business I make around these principles because it makes it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easy. I'm not saying you have to do these things to build a successful business. I'm saying if you want a business that grows like gang busters, you want to focus on building a business around these things, which is what I focused on differently from the high main product that we have tracking, which is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phenomenal, but is a big upfront billing pain. And it's difficult to get the result if you're not a Shopify store because you have to plug in all sorts of technical stuff. If you're a Shopify store or e-commerce store, you press a button and you plug in, your ads are making 15 20% more, which is something we focus on last year. But again, you need to focus on this right here when you're structuring your business, which is why any business I build in the future has this type of billing structure. It doesn't have the original billing structure I had with hires, which is big, painful, and eventful. Finally, distribution. So, I'm Mr. Marketing. I built an entire business around running paid ads. In fact, most all my original businesses come from running paid ads and using my personal brand to grow the businesses. My personal brand didn't so much grow Hyros, but it grew definitely my info businesses. And I got away from my personal brand being connected to my business's growth because it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks when you have to be a dancing monkey to grow your businesses. But we're getting off topic here. The point is you need to build in a distribution engine. So what is this? So this means your customers sell your product for you. I want you to go back and look at how Zapier became a billion-dollar company. You never saw an ad for Zapier anywhere. You never saw them running specials or having Kos promoting them or influencers promoting them. It just literally grew like crazy one day. And here's exactly how it grew. So, if you don't know what Zapier is, Zapier basically makes API connections between all the products that you use online. And this was revolutionary back in the day. It's still extremely useful today. But, so, for example, what they do is they would connect your ClickFunnels to your uh email system. And so you could have your email system talk to your ClickFunnels and tag people or run automations synced by that. And they bill you based on every single automation in a very painless, effortless way like number three that I just talked about. The thing is what Zapier then did is they made these little pages on their site for each business they connected to. So you had a ClickFunnels page, you had a Mailchimp page, you had a Stripe page. And what would happen is all these businesses saw that it unlocked so much potential for their customers and so they promoted their pages to all their customers because they couldn't go and build all these integrations. For example, ClickFunnels to connect to all the different types of businesses that their customers wanted to connect to would take millions and millions and millions and months and months of dev. Instead, they just said, "Hey, go build it on Zapier." They built a connection on Zapier and then they promoted Zapier. And then what happened is millions and millions and millions of people signed up for Zapier, made these connections, signed up for the billing process without Zapier ever having to run a single ad. Do you see how that works? Look at Only Fans in its distribution mode. Have you ever seen an ad for Only Fans? It is the most profitable business per employee on planet Earth. For every single employee they have, they make more money than Nvidia does per employee on average. So for example, if a Nvidia makes $2 million per year on average for every employee they have, Only Fans makes like $10 million per year per employee. How do they do this? the distribution model. Not only is the billing very subtle, it's little pin pricks, but they also have hot babes distributing it all over the internet because it makes them money. So, you need to find some way to attach distribution into your software. The final example I'll give you is go high level. They built a a ClickFunnels, but it was specifically for agencies and they built like a crazy crazy referral system into that so that agencies sold go highle to their clients. They made go high level white label so you could go and take the software, make it look like it was your software, sell it to your clients. They didn't also have the agencies sell this to all the other agencies. And so what resulted in is go highle actually be ended up becoming bigger than clickfunnels because they built this distribution engine with mine into it. The final example I'll give you is school. If you ever seen school, you've never seen an ad for school before except until Alexi started promoting it. Before Alexi started promoting school and became a partner at school, Sam basically built the business to be worth, I don't know, $300, $400 million. And the reason why it was worth that is because every customer that joined referred three to four other customers. If you've seen school, it's very similar to Only Fans in the model, which is how essentially you build a business on there. You send your customers to it and then also those customers go and join other businesses. So you have massive incentive to be on the school platform. So what happens is businesses end up promoting school. The people that join school as students end up promoting school and then other businesses join school because there's massive incentive due to the network. It results in this flywheel, that snowball that I talked about that makes everything go downhill. We're currently building this at Hyros Air right now because we're going to allow agencies to basically make the AI agents to print money for businesses at Air. We're allowing them to then white label those agents and then sell them on their own on their own billing structures to businesses and distribute the product for us. This is how you want to think about your business. And so when you're going and building your businesses, those are the four things you need. A or one, a result that's so good that the customer loses their mind if it's turned off. If you can cancel the subscription, let's say you're selling a skincare cream, you can just turn it off, not send the skincare cream for the month, and they don't message your support and bash you and go nuts, you don't have a good product. Can you make a ton of money without a result that good? Yes, but it's going to be hard. We don't want hard. We want easy. Two, we want the result to be easy for the customer to get to. This doesn't mean the result is easy to get. For example, getting a customer results at air and instruct an AI agent that they can effortly put on their site that makes them 3 to 5% more in revenue and detects all the customers and the the tracking structure. That's hell on earth. But the customer side must be easy. Imagine all the things that go behind Uber and getting that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] car to your house, getting the driver, getting them set up, getting them paid, getting all the infrastructure to connect that together, all that together. That's hell on earth. But getting the Uber there as a customer, easy. The person must not only be able to get the result, they must be able to get it effortlessly because people won't put in the time to get the result either. You literally want a free money printer for them. A free result machine that requires no effort on their part because in order for your business to grow rapidly, you need a hundred of people to join. You need a 100 of them to stay. If only 10 of them stay, it becomes hard to grow the business and you're pulling teeth. We don't want that. We want it to be easy. Three, we want a painless billing structure. Very similar to Stripe, very similar to pumpf fun that I described. You're build in tiny increments that are immediately attached to value. Think about Finn and the $28 support ticket and the $1 they charge to fix that. That's what you want because then people end up staying forever because it's painless for them to get build by it. It's it's it's not something that they worry about being bu and you can build a lot for it because for every $3 they pay you, they make $97. For every $5 someone pays us at air, they make $100. and it's built so small that there isn't some big giant upfront $10,000 payment. They can literally sign up for air for free and they don't pay this $5 until they made the $100, $100,000, whatever. That's how you want your billing structure to work so that it becomes easy for the customer to stay on board and it becomes easy for you to sell. It's so easy for us to sell air for example because we're going just say use it for free. If it doesn't make you money, you don't pay for it. You only pay for it when you make money. Same exact thing with Stripe. Same exact thing with Zapier. The customer does not start paying until they are hooked in and seeing extreme value and that extreme value is painless to pay for. And then four, distribution engine. You need something where your customers distribute it for you. Think of those examples I talked about with school, with go highlevel, with Zapier. You want that distribution engine so it becomes again easy for you to grow your business and you're not having to buy ads. You're not having to hire influencers. You're not having to do all this crazy marketing. Your customers grow it for you. Zapier became a billion-dollar company before they even ran a single ad or I saw a single ad from them. It is possible to grow a business without these. Of course, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. You do these four things, your business will be so easy to grow, so effortless to grow that your only problem will be people seeing how much money you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making and starting to copy you. That will be your only problem. And your only problem then will just be having the best product, which is a good problem to have because you're not worried about your marketing. You're not worrying about your billing. You're not worrying about your selling. You're just worried about making the best product possible. And that right there is when you will have a snowball going downhill so damn fast. It's making so much money you don't even know what to do with it. That's it. Now, if you want the actual sales and marketing tactics, I release all the courses I used to make. I don't sell them anymore cuz I make so much money it makes no sense for me to do so. So, I'm just going to give them to you for free. All you need to do is subscribe. And once a month in the community tab, I link to all these courses. You will not see this post unless you're subscribed. So, you should subscribe because it's like $20,000 in courses. They're really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. Like, I can sell a pickle to a person that's allergic to pickles. I don't have to do that cuz I use these pillars now. But damn, it sure is helpful. So, um, yeah, I'll see you next video.