Title: It's BORING, But It'll Make You A Millionaire FAST In 2025 [FULL BLUEPRINT]
Video ID: _u8rxHlcFWg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_u8rxHlcFWg
================================================================================

What's up you filthy slute? Good to see you here. So, the clickbait title of this video is not clickbait. I'm going to show you the speedrun becoming a millionaire in this video. I think if you apply what I'm going to show you right here, you can actually do it in a year. And unlike other YouTubers, I'm not going to give you some super secret business method that actually ties in me selling you a course. I'm just going to tell you to do it and you should listen to me cuz I'm way way richer than all of them. And this actually works. And I'm not going to sell you Here's what to do. So, here's what works every time. If you master what I'm going to show you right here, you will have no trouble printing money for the rest of your life. And it comes from what I like to call the unholy trinity of money printing skills. And if you get these down right here in this pattern, you will just print money no matter what. That's why I call it that. I also call that because the unholy trinity in Quake games was really cool. You get the rocket launcher, the lightning gun, and the rail gun. I had to work that name into my content. But as you're going to see as this video progresses, I'm kind of which is why this will work for most people because this works for dumb people, too. And this is actually four skills that when combined together I believe are the best combination of skills to make money in the entire world, the entire universe. This works always. This is digital copywriting. So being able to write sales copy for the internet onetoone sales aka the ability to sell on the phone or sell to someone face to face. Third, ads. And then finally, market to product fit, which is the ability to look at markets and see big holes where you can sell an expensive product that is very profitable in very specific type of product. And if you can do these four things right here, I don't care who you are. I don't care what you're doing, you will be able to always, always, always make money because these are the cores of making money in online business. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to put all these together and acquire them as fast as possible. And I truly believe without hype that if you do this, you could become a millionaire in a year. And drop your skepticism here, Sally, because I have nothing to sell you. This is just truly what I think is the most powerful thing you should use. And you can listen to me for two reasons. I've built a near multi-9 figure net worth mostly for my software company, Hyros, but also these several seven and eight figure businesses that I've also built leading up to that and still own. Also, when I was younger, I got started in business about 21. I became a millionaire at about 23 and a half. So, I can definitely tell you you can do it in that time frame because I was literally a drunk woman chasing at the time. So, if I can do it, you can too. And then also in this video, I have nothing to sell you. I have no mastermind or course or anything like that to sell you cuz I'm already unbelievably rich. I don't think the way for me to get more unbelievably rich is selling you courses. It's I don't it's just not an effective way to make money in my eyes. So, I'm not going to do that. I'm just going to tell you. And if you like it, you should subscribe to this channel and like the video. So, here's how this works and five important things you need to do to make this work. So, look, we're going to get into each of these and I'm going to show you how to obtain these and then apply them to make a lot of money very quickly in this video. We'll get to that. Trust me, you need to have this initial understanding though about making money or this isn't going to work. This is probably the most important part of the video. So, if you can't pay attention to this, you have to go watch Tik Tok or something. You're probably going to be working at Arby's for the rest of your life, which is fine because those Arb melts are fantastic. I don't care about the diarrhea they give you after. That's future you problem. Those Arb melts initially though The five for five. All you old remember that. That was the deal of the century. Wow. Okay, I'm going to stop rambling. Let's talk. The first thing you need to understand, and that a lot of people get confused, primarily because people on YouTube tell you it all comes down to the business model, which happens to be this super secret business model that they coincidentally have a course on. Who would have thought? Why would they be doing that? Who knows? And I love to poke at at people like that. Look, there's nothing wrong with selling courses. You sell courses, I love you. I've sold courses. I just like to poke a little fun sometimes. But the thing is it doesn't come down to the particular business model. When a lot of people get in the business or they start trying to make money, they think it's about finding the right niche or idea or model. No, it's not about that at all. You need to understand money works like this. And by this I mean almost every other skill set out there. See, there's this weird thing that happens to people when they look at money is they think it's like some religious or soulsearching or some spiritual thing that like you either have or you don't have like a god-given talent. And everything that applies to learning other skills doesn't apply to money. But that's not true. What you need to do if you want to make money is you need to identify a path of skills that are going to allow you to make money. Just like for example, a path of skills are going to allow you to play really good offense in basketball. And then if you excel in those skills separately and then learn how to put them together, you're going to get really good at scoring or making money. But the see the thing where people get confused at is they look at the final output which is making money and then they forget about all the inputs and then they just get confused because like they don't focus on the inputs and then they think why am I not getting the final output. It's because you are not inputting the correct things or working on getting better at those inputs. If you get better at those inputs the output will naturally just happen. Like you don't just get the output. It'd be like if I picked up a guitar and said, "I want to play a Metallica song." Or hell, like a Nirvana song, for example. You don't just pick up a guitar and just play Nirvana. And this mic can't pick up my guitar right now cuz I'm an audio But if you're going to play a Nirvana song like Teen Spirit or something like that, you don't just play Teen Spirit. You work on your bar chords. Then you work on your muting. Then you work on your rhythm. Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da. And you just keep doing those three key skills. And if you get good at those three things and then you combine them together, then you will play the song. You don't play the song by playing the song. You play the song by learning those three individual skills, bar chords, rhythm, and quick muting, which is that clicking noise you hear between the notes in that song. And then you will be able to play a Nirvana song. The same thing applies to money. The way you need to look at this that almost nobody does because not very many people are good at making money, let's be honest, is you need to look at it as individual skills just like that song. And so what you should look at it like is if you're an RPG character, okay? And each of these are your talents. Okay? So let's play say we're playing Elden Ring or whatever. All right? And you got your core stats in Elden Ring. So what you need to focus on doing is you want to get good at making money is you have to identify the core stats that apply to how you're going to make money. So, let's say you're a tank or a defensive focused player in an RPG, let's say World of Warcraft. What are you going to need to get good at? You're going to need to get good at block. You're going to need high HP. You're going to need low critical strike rate so you don't get one-shotted by bosses. And you're going to need a high dodge. Okay, these are your these are your key stats. If you have those things, you will be a good tank in a video game. And so, the way you become a good tank, at least based on stats, is you need to go and obtain these things. Once you have these, everything else will fall in place. If you don't have these, you're not going to be able to get good at it. If you go to try and tank a giant boss in a video game and you don't have, for example, World of Warcraft, these stats backing you up. It doesn't matter how good you are or what you do, it's just not going to work. But if you obtain these things, everything else falls into place. And so, what we need to focus on if we want to make money is leveling up these individual skills right here because this makes the perfect class of entrepreneur for online businesses. This is the core of making money online. And when you have these, just like a tank in World of Warcraft, just like a person trying to learn how to play music on a guitar or specific songs, once you have these core skills in place, you can play music, you can make money, you can tank, you can make money. So now that we have this, the reason why I wanted to stress these things to you is because people don't know how to pursue making money on the internet. They don't know how to pursue business because they start chasing business models or whatever. And chasing a business model is like trying to go and play a song on guitar without mastering the skill sets. Trying to go and chase a business model is like going into a dungeon in World of Warcraft and trying to tank a monster without having the stats backing it up. It's kind of pointless. Whereas, if you actually sit down and make your goal and what you're going to pursue with your actions, pursuing those particular skills or pursuing those particular stats for your character, you will then get the result you were looking for. Because the key to making money is not focusing on making money. It's focusing on an organized set of skills and mastering those skills that combine together that produce money. Here is how you should use these skills right here. And here's why they are the best. Cuz these four skills right here, if you have these, you have no problem making money ever. There's a lot of other things you can learn. For example, I work in software, so I know a lot about working with developers and everything. And if you want to get to, let's say, 10 million or more a year, you're going to need a lot of other skills and a lot of other nuances and whatnot. But to get to a million dollars a year, which is about I think like 80 something thousand a month, $83,000 I believe is the number, you really only need these. You can be really just at everything else. But you'll still be very good at these. For example, you see a lot of entrepreneurs who just like they their entire business is a mess, but they still make tons of money. It's because they have these things. It's because they master sales and marketing, which is why you see so many dog entrepreneurs out there with dog products, dog companies, dog everything. but they still make a lot of money because they're good at sales and marketing. And that only gets you so far. That only gets you so far. This is why you see a lot of people get stopped out and they don't grow past these levels. So, what are these skills and how do you learn them? Now, I don't want to give you the exact specific of these skills in this video because each of these would take its own video, which I probably will make in the future. It's not like I have some secret course I want to sell you right now. It's just these are big broad skills. What I want to do is I want to point to you or I want to point you at examples for them and then give you a way to start learning them because the most important thing here is that you organize your learning in your growth process. Once you have that, it's really not too hard to figure out how to learn these things. It's just once you have the targets, okay? So, I want to give you the particular targets and how to organize your growth as a person to then money. So, what is copy? In fact, back up. What I'm going to do on this channel if you're a subscriber is I'm just going to release all my old courses for free. This goes into all my copywriting techniques, all my ad techniques, everything. And I'll just give it to all my subscribers here pretty soon. You just have to be subscribed. I'm going to scrape everybody that's subscribed on this channel and then you will get access to it some way through YouTube or something. I'll figure it out. But if you're not a subscriber, you. I don't like you. Go suck a dick. I'm not going to give you anything. Click the subscribe button. It takes 2 seconds. It helps the channel. You help me, I'll help you. I'll give you all my old courses and stuff that I used to sell like 5 years ago that still work today 100% for free. How about that? So, copywriting. What is copywriting? So, I'm going to use my website right here, Hyros, as an example, because I wrote all the copy on this page. What I mean by this is the ability to convey and get people to do stuff through word and video online. I actually prefer video. Video is the most effective way to get people to do what you want initially online. Now, for software and SAS, I like using a lot of written word because B2B and stuff like this, it's a very long sales transaction. But if you want to go to my website and just check out like any of my sales videos like this one for example, I've been shooting these damn things for like 15 years now. I've used to write really long form webinars or like two-hour webinar presentations where we cover something and then sell something expensive at the end of it. Being able to go and make a video and then convince people to do what I want them to do or convince them that I have something that they want to buy, that has been one of the most powerful abilities and skills that I've ever had. If you look at, for example, really talented people online who sell very well, uh, for example, Alex Heroszi, I know people have mixed feelings on them, but I'm gazi very effective sales copywriter with his videos. Not so much as YouTube condom as action sales videos. If you look at Dean Graziosi, if you look at old school Frank Kern videos, I'm not referencing these people in particular their businesses that they've built. I'm not referencing building an info market business. I'm just talking about pure ability to sell via videos. And if you look at and you want to see the most powerful copywriting on planet earth, most powerful sales techniques, you want to look at those make money online entrepreneurs because here's why. They are competing in the most competitive space ever. There is absolutely no moat when it comes to making make money online or info courses. And so the only way they succeed or live or die is by their ability to sell and sell much better than everybody else. It's the most competitive copywriting space ever. Like for SAS and software, you have a product you can really rely on to sell. Their entire thing is like, "Hey, I have a secret and I'm going to convince you the secret's really valuable in this video and I'm going to get you to pay me a lot of money for me to tell you the secret." They're essentially selling thin air. Now, regardless of your thoughts on that, that is the hardest thing to possibly do in sales. You literally are approaching a stranger and saying, "Hey, I got a secret. You want to check it out? It's really good. It making them think it's going to change their life." And all sorts of stuff like that. Late night infomercials. You ever seen those? That's the most powerful form of sales there are. I'm not saying you need to do that. I'm saying you need to understand the processes and copywriting behind that. Some really good old schools resources are the old school marketers like Frank Kern or for example, if you will go on this channel, I put a lot of my sales video blueprints and how I sell on this channel 100% for free. They're linked below this video. And there's tons of other content I have online just Alex Becker copywriting throw it in that you can use on top of all my courses I'll give to my subscribers here pretty shortly. It masters everything I'm still using to this day when it comes to sales copywriting. And again, you will not have to pay me for these courses. I'm not selling you I'm just going to give them to you for free. I'll link to them in my subscriber feed or something like that. Now that you know this, you know what to look for. You need to get really good at video copywriting and a little bit at written copywriting and building funnels, which is going to be like how you proceed or build pages on the internet. If just write these down, focus on these things. Get really good at them. Like study them like it's your religion. Step number one right there. Now, the next thing you want to get extremely good at is onetoone selling, which really ties in the copywriting. You need to be able to get on the phone and you need to be able to sell to somebody. Now, on this channel, I've also given you all my sales scripts. My sales scripts at Hyros, for example, have built a company that is valued anywhere from 150 to $200 million right now and growing at about 30 to 50% per year, given the month or whatever is going on. It's made me a lot of money, but it's also built multiple eightigure companies for me and been just the crux of anything I want to do whenever I wanted to sell a product. And when I wanted to sell higher, I wanted to grow the business up. I said, "All right, we're going to build a funnel to a sales call. We're going to get people on the sales call and sell them this." So, I know people don't necessarily want to do this and get on the phone and sell, but the reason why you want to do this is it's the most effective sales method there is. Sending people to a web page and then converting them without ever talking to them is hard because you can't make the sales message onetoone tailored to them. When you're doing onetoone sales on the phone, the reason it's soing powerful is because you're able to talk to a specific person, learn about exactly what they need, and then sell them your product in a way that matches everything that they need. So for example, at Hyros, I can learn about someone's business, what's important to them, and then when I start selling them Hyros, I can use and position Hyros based around their specific needs and focus on those parts of the product. For example, if they need an e-commerce attribution product that is going to attribute the LTV of their carts on their e-commerce store, I can focus on that part of Hyros and close them on that versus them going to a sales page and me trying to make one sizefits-all. So the reason why this is so effective for making money is because you're able to make the maximum amount of money from the lowest amount of people and you're usually not very good at traffic generation when you start off. So this maximizes the traffic that comes in. This is why you see all these people on YouTube selling courses and masterminds where they all usually default to those high pressure sales call funnels. You'll usually notice that. Why? Because it's the most effective sales technique there is. It makes the most money from the littlest amount of traffic. So this is what you want to look at for next. The cool thing about this is there is just endless videos on YouTube that show you how to do onetoone sales and then you just have to get on the phone and do it. I think Sam Ovenans good oldfashioned sales scripts are good. I think Alex Hamozi's sales scripts, I'm sure he has them somewhere all over his channel. They're fantastic. Alex is probably in my opinion the best living copywriter when it comes to sales and copywriting online that there is. He just studies and studies and studies it. Also, Russell Brunson is another one. He's him and Alex are probably the best that actually share their info just widely. And then Blueprint It. That's where I would look for those. And then Sam Oven's good. If you can get into old Frank Kern stuff, this is going to serve you very well on those as well. Dan Kennedy, you should just read all of his books. It's going to help you on both of these topics right here. My sales scripts are also online, but they're a little bit more customs suited to SAS and software. And I think I have the best SAS and software pitch in the industry. Jordan Belelfair's onetoone sales are also really really good, too. Those are that's where you want to learn those things. That will get you there and then you just have to go do it. So you copyright to get people on sales calls to sell to them. Now how do you get people there? Paid advertising. Paid advertising is somewhat of an intimidating skill to learn because you have to spend money on ads on Facebook, Instagram, and Tik Tok and everything. This is by far next to these two skills I just talked about. It's just as important and this is the best skill you can ever possibly learn because no matter what happens in the the realm of AI, technology, whatever there will always be advertising. There will always be people that have attention and are willing to sell that attention. And your job as an advertiser is to pay for that attention and make a profit from it. So the ability to buy the attention from other people and convert it profitably into sales of your product. If you can do that, you never have to ask to grow your business. You never have to go and make YouTube videos and dance like a clown or whatever you're going to be doing to generate attention for your business. You can on command say, "I'm going to start a business. I'm going to get people to it now." And once you understand how to convert people through it, you have a printing machine. First thing you can get people to your business immediately on command. That is powerful if you can do it profitably. And if you can do it profitly, what ads allow you to do is if you can spend $50 and make $100 back, that also means you can spend $50,000 and make $100,000 back. There is some things that come with scaling, but it allows you to take your business from small to big overnight. And this is extremely effective if you want to make a million dollars a year or become a millionaire. Because once you have a business and if you can run ads to it or to your pages that have your copywriting on it, get people on the phone and sell to them and then effectively get people there from ads in a profitable way. If you can spend $500 to make $1,000, you can very quickly spend $5,000 to make $10,000, $10,000 to make $20,000, so on and so forth. It allows you to turn up the faucet or the fire hose of your business very quickly. So, when it comes to advertising, I have endless amounts of advertising training on this channel. You can check out also my old channel. I have my scripts, my copywriting, my creative, how I target. Everything's on this channel. Ben Heath has a fantastic channel. There's tons of other good channels on YouTube. Just type in Facebook ads and then go do it. Go buy a few courses on it, too. Usually, the people that are selling courses on Facebook ads, like good oldfashioned media buying, they're just great courses to watch. Don't buy the courses where it's like make tons of money with Facebook ads and money. Buy the good old boring ones where it's like learn how to do targeting, learn how to do the basic creatives. See the things that are working in most industries. Usually made by media buyers who are not very good at YouTube are getting attention. If it's like some big famous guru, I'm not saying the course is naturally bad, but that person is really good at YouTube and generating attention. You want to find the media buyers who are really actually not very good at marketing. They're really good at buying ads for companies and you want to learn from them. There's a lot of them out there. I think Ben Heath is fantastic on YouTube. I think my stuff is awesome. I've been running ads for 15 years. I don't have any courses you can buy in it. It's just all on YouTube for free. So, learn that. Then, finally, the last thing we're going to be learning is marketto product fit. And so, this is recognizing how products fit into markets and how to build them. What a lot of people do is they make products that everybody else is building. There's a thousand people selling consulting or agency courses or make money online courses. There's a thousand people doing e-commerce drop shipping. There's a thousand people making similar softwares to each other. where you're going to make a lot of money at is being able to look at specific business models out there. Like for example, a doctor's office and you're going to be able to look at the business and see where the problems are in the business or what I like to look for is breakage. For example, if you look at a doctor's office, I guarantee if you sit down and look at the whole entire business model long enough, whether it comes to how they get their prescriptions, how they sell, how they pick up their phones, somewhere there's some inefficiency in there that is either wasting tons of their money or costing them tons of additional sales and money. What you then do is you make a product to fix that problem. And what I like to do when it comes to making money is I like to sell a $100 bill for $20. I make a product that fixes this inefficiency and makes them $100 and then I charge them $20 for it. For example, if you put Hyros on a website, it routinely from people's advertising makes them 15% more on their ad scale and saves them about 15%. That's about 30% more from their ads. If a business is making a million a month from their ads, that's an extra 150 200,000 300,000 literally a month from their business just using hires. I can easily bill 10, 20,000, etc. for that. You see the gist of it? That's how I like to get into a business and that's how I like to sell. But regardless of what you're doing, whether it's in e-commerce and you're looking at skincare or whatever, for example, a perfect example of a product in e-commerce, the eight sleep bed, they saw a huge gap in the market when it came to sleep and mattresses and they saw that really picking up in the marketplace and YouTube. This is going to be kind of a six sense for you. And this really comes with experience in the industry. And the way you get better at learning product market fit is one, you're just aware of it. you're where the first thing you want to look for in a business is finding ways to test if the market loves it or not. You don't go and just make a product and just like throw it out there. If you're a beginner, you can sort of do that. But the way to make a lot of money is you make really small test products and you sample them and put them out in the market. So when I was making hires originally made a very very cheap software that tracked attribution I showed to people and tried to get them to pay for it. I didn't actually sell it to them at the end of the call. I said you can't buy it yet. But I really went and went through this high entire process and sold highros to people to make sure they would actually want to buy it before I invested fully in the product. You can do the same thing with info marketing. For example, when I was doing e-commerce info marketing and selling products right there, I noticed e-commerce was picking up in the market a whole lot. And so what I thought is like, hey, if I go find some people that are really good in e-commerce, I get them to make a course and then I sell it via sales calls, I think that'll do very well. So what I did first is I got people on sales calls and I built the whole product marketing wise, not the product. And then I sold it on calls to see if it would convert. Of course, I didn't take the people's money and I saw, "Oh, wow. This is converting very highly." So then I had the guys make a course and these are some of the best ecom makers out there. It wasn't like I went and got some uh Fiverr guys to make an e-commerce course. I found guys who were making tens of millions of dollars a year in e-commerce. I said, "Hey, let's make a course together. You make the course, I'll do the marketing for you." And that's how I put that product together. And with no experience in e-commerce, was able to build one of the most successful e-commerce info products at the time. I analyzed the market, saw what product might have been needed, did a test for it, and then brought the people together to make the product. That right there allows you in combination with all these skills is you know how to get people to a website endlessly with ads. You know how to convert them to get them to do what you want via copy and you know how to maximize every visit with onetoone sales. And again, you know how to go and test the product to find the right product for these niches. And you combine these four things together and you work on them just like a World of Warcraft character where you say, "Okay, I need to I need to work on my block." You go and train your block. Okay, I need to work on my dodge. You go and train your dodge. Okay, I need to get my HP up. You go and increase your HP. You do each of these things with intent and then suddenly you're a pretty damn good tank. You do these four things with intent, you are going to be able to make money very easily because you have all the abilities and skills to make money. So don't focus on making money. focus on mastery of specific skills that align with making money. This combination right here makes a very, very, very effective person when it comes to making money. There are plenty of other ways to make money and plenty of other skills. For example, you could get just really good at coding and making apps and marketing apps on an iPhone. But those skills, I'm not saying, are worse or not as good. They're not as universal. They're very kind of niche. These are really four big giant skills that will serve you your entire life and make it so you can make money in any climate. I don't care what's going on in AI. I don't care what's going on in tech. I don't care what's happening in anything. You can find any business model out there and use these four skills to get people places, convince them to do sell them stuff, and then find the right product and bring the right people together to make that product. And they universally apply. So, this is where I would start if I want to become a millionaire very quickly. If you like that and you want all the courses and everything that teach you how to do these things, by the way, my old courses were really good when it came to sales. I'm just going to give this to you if you're a subscriber. So, subscribe and I'll probably find some way to get it to you in the next month or so. And if you're watching this video and it's it's well past when this video was made, subscribe and there should be something on this channel that shows you where to go gain the courses once you're subscribed. Or maybe I'll release them like every two weeks to only subscribers or something like that. We'll figure it out. Subscribe or die. The end. Okay, bye.