Title: You'll HATE It, But It Will Make You Rich In A Year [Full Blueprint]
Video ID: VVPECdnzXSA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVPECdnzXSA
================================================================================

No, you skeptical, negative, silly, silly sack of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] To tell this video is not clickbait. In this video, I'm going to show you what I believe is a guaranteed guaranteed way to get rich reasonably within a year. And by rich, I mean being able to generate 100K, maybe even a few hundredk per year. We're not talking about making millions and millions of dollars, just enough to say, "Fuck you. I do what I want to whoever and anything you want. Your dog, your boss, your old neighbor, maybe a baby you walk by on the street cuz you're an asshole." You'll have the money coming in. you'll have the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you ability and you should listen to me because I built more sevenf figureure businesses than I can count even from when I was broke getting out of the military. And guess what? I'm not going to sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, let's get into it. So, look, if you want to make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you money, which is enough money to do what you want, 100k, 200k, 300k a year, those are the numbers I'm going to focus on in this video cuz I've made a video on how to get to a million dollars per year and I've made a video on how to get to $10 million per year. This one's for all you low achievers who only want to make enough money to pay your rent and sit in your house and get high. Don't worry, I got you, too. But the thing is, if you want to make enough money to live comfortably and fund yourself, which is that range, you really don't have to do anything special. This is the big general confusion. You can literally do what everybody else is doing and just do it, okay? And get your small slice of the pie because this amount of money isn't anything particularly huge. My business usually generates this money in a single day. So, you can really be a low achiever here and you can do absolutely nothing original. What you need to understand is that your main goal here is to just get good enough at what you're trying to do to get your small piece of the pie. What I compare this to is look, people that are making $10 million per year in the NFL, they're the best players in the world. But if you want to make just enough income to fund yourself or get started and continue your journey in business, you we really only have to get to AFL dumpster fire levels of skill at the sport we're trying to play, which in this case would be football. And so we really need to prioritize is getting good enough. So how do we do that? Well, it comes down to what I'm going to tell you is the trifecta of getting good enough. This is three things you need to do in your life. And if you do these three things, you will get good enough at whatever the business model is and you will make this money. And I will fully tell you how to do this in this video. Again, I'm not going to sell you some mastermind or mindset course. I've built a business valued around $150 to $200 million high-risisk. And I've built more sevenfigure and eight figure businesses than I can count. In my 15 years of business, I've done this from when I was broke to where I am now. And the most inefficient way I can make more money is by selling you a course or some coaching like most YouTube channels. That's not going to make me real rich. So just sit back, enjoy the content. You're going to get it all in this video and then anything else you need to learn for this video, it's on this channel as well. But this is the most important first step because these three things right here, if you get them done, I cannot fathom you not making money. you can be an absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you will still make money because it's all just about getting good enough. And the reason why people fail to get good enough is they do not go and do these three things and then the rest of their life blocks them from getting good enough until they're old and then they never get good enough to actually make money on their own. And the reason it doesn't seem this obvious and the reason it seems like it can't be this simple is because people think money is some spiritual journey or some god-given talent that some people have and some people don't. No, it's simply having enough skill in a certain area to perform. It's the same as learning guitar. It's the same as learning jiu-jitsu. Those video games you've gotten good at because you spent eight hours a day playing them. Those thousands of hours you logged in World of Warcraft and all the expertise you have there, same exact [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing, except this time it won't come with crippling virginity, and your father will be proud of you. So, this is an added plus for most of you cuz let's look in the mirror. Most of you guys are not tall or good-looking enough to get women normally. Getting rich is about the last shot you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got here. So listen, or you're going to be dating fats for the rest of your life, okay? And you should really get this content in cuz some fat, grumpy HR lady who works at YouTube is eventually going to watch one of these videos and be deeply offended and just shadowban me off of all YouTube instantly. Look, I'm all for equity inclusion. Just no fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Okay. All right. All right. So, what is what do we need to do to get good enough? So, before I get into these initial things right here, you're probably a little bit confused and you think I'm full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you think it comes down to some business model or some some secret idea or niche that you find on the internet. And that's what everyone on YouTube is going to tell you primarily because they want to set you up to buy a course for them on that secret niche or skill. I'm going to tell you differently because I don't want your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. I don't want to be responsible for you. You can pick any business method. Go browse YouTube. There's going to be a thousand different business methods out there. There's going to be agency. Start an agency. Do consulting. do coaching, uh, do an e-commerce drop shipping store, make an actual e-commerce product, build software, sell info products, teaching people how to do a certain thing, make AI agents for businesses. They all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. Like, trust me, if there's a bunch of videos on them out there on YouTube, you can pretty much make any of these business models work if you're good enough. And you don't even have to be good or excellent at them. Look, we're not trying to make a million dollars per year. If you're trying to make a million dollar per year, $5 million, $10 million per year, which there are videos below this video on how I do that and how I structure businesses to do that. You're going to have to be really good. But all we need to do here is be competent enough to get a small piece of the body. We don't need to beat anybody. We don't have to have a unique business. We don't have to go out there and take other people's customers. You can actually be pretty incompetent and still do this. So, I want you to forget the business model. I want you to forget specifics here because they're not important. So, what we primarily want to focus on is giving ourselves the space to get good enough at whatever business model we're trying to do to make money. So, let's imagine you're playing a sport and you're trying to make money playing that sport. First thing you want to do is pick a sport that has a track record of making money. So, for example, football, soccer, hockey, golf, I don't know. If you see lots of other people making money doing it, you can probably make money doing it as well. Now, we're not trying to become the Tiger Woods. are trying to become the bush league golfer who still managed to have a chronic drinking habit over the the golf season and just drives around the course drunk as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hidden on, you know, the the waiter girls that are out there. That's you. You're not really special, but you put in the time enough to become competent enough at golf that you can drive around shitfaced and still perform. Okay, let's drop the drinking part right there. You can still perform at a competent level and make money doing it. And so, what we're chasing by giving ourselves this space is not a specific business model. We're giving oursel the ability to gain enough experience to get good and master our craft enough that we can make money with it. I want you to really take a second and step back because what most people try and do is they think they need to find a business model or niche and then learn about that and learn some secret techniques and then do it. No, what we're trying to do is reach a level of good. So, for example, if you wanted to make money playing basketball, what you would do is you would go and spend a ton of time practicing basketball. Now, you wouldn't get good enough to make money in basketball if you never had time or the ability to practice basketball at its full extent. So, for example, if you only had 30 minutes and you didn't even have a basketball to play with and you had no one else to play with and so you get done with work and then you go and simulate dribbling with without a basketball at home for 30 minutes and then you don't do it consistently, you're never going to get good enough to play at basketball. However, let's say you kept your online job and you moved to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Thailand next to a basketball court and you could reduce your work hours to 3 4 hours a day and then spend the other four 6 hours of your day practicing basketball with other people that play basketball all day over the span of a year. You would probably get good enough at basketball to have some form of competency. Now, would that be good enough to get into the wash out basketball leagues that actually pay money? No. Because those people are real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers and they've been playing basketball their entire life. intently and they still can't make it. But the competition for those leagues is so high and the spots so few it's actually kind of hard to get into those. But in entrepreneurship there is just millions and millions and millions of spots paying the amount of money that you're looking for. So yes, you would be good enough to get into this level of skill with entrepreneurship if you apply that same mindset that we talked about just with basketball to entrepreneurship. So really what we want to do is we want to set it up in our life so that we can go and set up that scenario I just talked about it in basketball but with entrepreneurship. Now let's look at this and think how do we practice entrepreneurship at its maximum to its fullest extent and give ourselves the room to actually do that and that comes down to that trifecta I talked about before. Also, if you're enjoying this video, subscribe. Here's why. In the future, I'm going to scrape on my subscribers. I'm going to deliver all my past courses and maybe some new courses for free to you that break down everything I've done. Business, my ads. This is stuff that people actually paid a lot of money for in the past. I'm going to give it to you for free, but only if you subscribe. And it's very easy for me to see who subscribed and liking these videos and engaging. That's who I'm going to give this to. If you don't want to do that, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. You get nothing. So just just click a button for hours and hours of free training. That sound fair? Okay, do it. What you're going to need to get good is truly just three things. You're going to need time. You're going to need focus. And you're going to need the ability to do it without fear. And in entrepreneurship, that is risk. All right? So, you need to be able to take risk. Now, let's look at these three things right here and think about how we can build a life that allows us to do these three things in their maximum amount. Now, I actually applied this to one of my businesses when I was at the multiple million dollar per year level. So, this works at every level, by the way. I wanted to get to the next level, but I had a mansion and a Lamborghini at the time, which I no longer had. This is all AI, by the way. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. I want to keep those rumors circulating. But at the time, I had a really expensive lifestyle. And before I built my multi-nigure company, I wanted to get to the point where I could build on those companies. And I needed to be able to take more risk and focus more. So, I actually sold all my furniture, all my possessions, and just moved into an empty apartment with a bed and worked for a couple years. And that's kind of how I built my company. Gave me all the focus and the ability to take risk because I had no longer any overhead lifestyle to pay for. So you want to think about the same way if you're starting a business or you want to just make extra money as well is you need these three things to do it. So why do people fail at getting good at making money? Well, they don't have the time. They don't have the ability to put in the time. They're spending all their time at work. They can't focus because when they get done with work, there's a thousand other things stealing their focused attention. And then they can't take any risk whatsoever. And to make money, you're going to have to spend money and invest in your skills or your business. You're going to have to take small risk with money. You're not going to have to go and bet your entire life savings to start a business. But you're going to need to consistently be able to throw down money here and there to try out new things and experiment. It's just how it is. And so when you have people that have no focus, time, or the ability to take risk, of course they're not going to get good at making money because this is what you need to practice. And you need to practice to get good. So how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do we do this? What you want to do if you want to make a lot of money is adopt minimalization of your life. This is especially effective in your 20s when you have room to do this. As you add more things to your life, kids, a wife, people that count on you, this gets harder and harder to do, which is why I tell people to just kick their 20s down the road and get good at making money in your 20s so you can just do whatever the hell you want for the rest of your life. It's very hard to start doing this when you're 35, 40 plus. But you still can. You just have to focus on these cores right here because again, our goal is to get good. And if we practice enough, we will get good. And so what we need to do is be able to practice with maximum intent. And these are the things that go into it. So, first we need time to practice. And the way we achieve all these things is through minimization. Because the reason why most people can't do any of these things is their lifestyle and their job and then their environment that they live in. So, for example, they're going to spend 10 hours a day at their job, whether it's at the job and commuting back and forth. Their focus is going to be dragged away by all sorts of stuff going on in their life. And their ability to take risk is going to be hamstrung because their lifestyle requires tons of time. So, if you're young, let's look at how we can get all of these all at once. So, how do we free up our time and also give ourselves the ability to take risk? We have to keep our lifestyle incredibly, incredibly cheap. Sell all your stuff. You should be living in a room with just a bed and a computer. Do you not like that? Of course, nobody likes that. You have to live like an extreme poor person. That's fine because that's going to allow you to work less hours and free up as many hours as you possibly can and then take risk because you need as little money as possible for your lifestyle. So, let's look how this would look if we're a young 20some year old dude or anybody. So, what we wouldn't want to do, you just move to freaking Wyoming or move to a college town and split rent with three other guys. I'm sure things are not as cheap as when I was in my 20s, but comparatively, you could move into a place with three other guys and you could be paying $500, $1,000 per month rent. You can move to Wyoming and literally just be paying nothing in rent. And then what you want to do is go and live next to a grocery store, preferably a gym as well, so you can work out, so you can just walk everywhere. You don't need a car. So, you have no use for any amount of money because your life is so damn cheap. What is this going to allow you to do? It's going to give you tons of time, extra time when you're not working for somebody else to work on your business or your ability to generate cash or improve your skills so you can get paid more at work. You can make a lot of money as an employee. I have multiple millionaire and even 8 figure millionaire people that have worked for me at my companies due the equity and what they were able to earn at the company. So, don't get me wrong, like you can make a lot of money as an employee, but what this will allow you to do is give you the time to then start working on your skill set and getting good in practicing. It also allows you to take risk when you think about, hey, do I need to start this agency? Do I need to buy this website? Do I need to start building or adding inventory for my drop shipping store? This is going to allow you to go and throw money at it. And guess what? When you first start your businesses or try to make money, you're not going to make money right away. It's like when you start shooting the basketball and basketball, you're not going to be shooting three-pointers right off the bat. That's fine because now you can take risk because your rent is so extremely cheap. If I had my way, I would actually just move to Thailand and I moved next to a Muay Thai studio with a grocery store nearby and then you can get all your manly yucks in all you want. You can go work out the Muay Thai studio. You can walk to the grocery store and your rent is like $50 and all the women there are completely fine if you're a broke loser. Heck, if you even want more excitement in your life, some of the girls are even guys. So, you never really know what type of bag of tricks you're reaching into which adds a whole another layer of complexity. Not only can you come home to your family in America saying, "Hey, look, I'm rich, but maybe I banged a dude, maybe I didn't." That's the type of spice you want in your life. Trust me, that's why you watch this channel. Alex Becker's business channel, how to get rich and maybe bang a dude. Soon to be banned off YouTube. But jokes aside, you can move to another country where it's extremely cheap and do this even more effectively. The lower you get your lifestyle, the less you have to work for that lifestyle, the more you can practice your business, the more risk you can take. Now, with that in mind, what you then want to do is achieve focus. So, how you achieve focus? So, if you're 20 years old and your friends are hitting you up and everybody has access to your phone and your parents are hitting you up 24/7 and you also have a video game addiction and you drink consistently and you have your phone and Tik Tok and you have an active Instagram, whatever, and you're in the Mario Kart Reddit forums complaining about the $20 price increase all the time and you're on Twitter 24/7. You're a distracted [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, if you're trying to get really good at basketball, I want you to think about this. Say we have like two pies right here. We have all your focus. And if we just remove all these other things, like let's let's imagine this pie is split 500 different ways, okay, between all the things I just mentioned. What would happen if we just got rid of all those things and we just made it basketball? Even your short little hobbit ass would get good at basketball, at least copy enough to be dunking on those those amateurs on the amateur court next to your house. So, what you want to do is not only do you want to move away to some place that's really cheap, you want to move away from someplace where you have no access to your family or your friends. And then what you want to do is you want to block all these nasty little addictions you have. For example, on my phone, I load it up and there's a picture of something I want to buy as a goal to motivate me. And then I have no access to Instagram. I have no access to YouTube. I have no access to Slack. I cannot get on Twitter. I literally locked all the URLs of every social media behind a passcode on my phone. And then I hid the phone passcode somewhere in my house. So, of course, I can use an emergency, but I cannot scroll or do any of this on my phone. On my computer, I have all social media blocked by this app that I cannot delete on my computer. So, I cannot access social media. I don't have trouble playing video games anymore, but I used to. The way to get around that is you have a computer that can't run video games. You have trouble watching TV, don't have a TV in your house. Do you see where I'm going with this? What you want to do is you want to forcefully separate everything that's distracting you from basketball out of your life. just get it out of there. You can have it in the future, though. I don't think you're going to be happier playing video games and using social media 24/7 and having a drinking habit. I think getting really good at what you want to do, having a lot of money, and having complete control of your mind is going to make you happier. But don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listen to me. Look, if you want to go back to binge drinking, playing World of Warcraft on the weekends, and talking to dudes, pretending to be girls on Only Fans, by all means, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Remember, this video is not for the exceptionals of you. You only want to make a couple hundredk a year. Trust me, you can still be a raging piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was a raging degenerate while I was making a couple million dollars per year. Binge drinking and throwing trash cans off roof kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back in the day and I still did it. So you have you probably can too. But the point is right here that we want to get to a point where we have money handled. And the way you do that is by again coming back to this trifecta that I talked about before. We need to give oursel time to get good. We need to be able to take risks consistently to get good because that's how you practice business. And we need absolute focus so we can get rid of all the nonsense in our life at the same time. You do these three things right here and then you pick any business model. And I mean any business model off the top of my head. E-commerce, drop shipping, consulting for businesses, building an agency where you do marketing services for agencies, selling info products, teaching something. Hell, go make some make money online products. And don't even make any money. Just start making make money online products. It works for a lot of people on YouTube. Why not do it, too? I don't care if you're a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] In fact, I encourage you to go maybe bang Thailand lady boys a few minutes ago. So obviously my opinion of your moral compass really isn't the point of this video. But jokes aside, any business model you see on YouTube right now, selling AI to businesses, whatever, go just do it. And through those things that removal I talked about, that energy you're going to get towards practice, even if you pick the wrong business model at first, it's like in World of Warcraft. You pick the wrong class, but you're playing for 15 hours a day, you're going to reach a level of compensated you'll just pick another class and dedicate that time and energy you you put into it into that class and learning or whatever. It doesn't really matter what class you pick at the beginning of the entrepreneur game. You just get going. It's all basketball. It's all learning to think about business and take risk. And so what you do, like I said before, any business model works. It's about how you practice the sport you're deciding to play. And that's through giving yourself time to practice, the ability to practice it to its full extent by taking risk, and the ability to focus on it by removing everything from your life right there. You will get good very, very quickly. I guarantee it. There is no way you don't get good at business in a year if you're operating this way. Are you going to be as good as me? No. I've been doing this for 15 years. Are you going to be as good as some of those kids who come in and have been building websites since they were 15 years old and made their first million when they were 16 and are billionaires by 22? No, you're not. But to make a couple hundred,000 per year and even get up to the seven figures mark. You don't particularly have to be special talented or doing anything unique. You can be doing what everybody else is doing. You just have to be good enough to play on the court. You don't have to be a star player in college. You don't have to be an NFL player. You just have to be that guy who can come and dominate the local pickup basketball game, which you can do. And this is the big confusion people have because your parents didn't know how to make money. Probably no one around you knows how to make money. And so it's just this big mysterious thing that people think because it's so deeply tied to their ego. There must be some big crazy hard spiritual journey that has you have to go through to learn how to make money when it's really it's just like playing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] basketball. Once you want to get to the seven figure levels, the higher levels and that, you're going to have to learn how to play a lot better and you're going to have to really start thinking about what you're doing. But not right now. If you want to see how to get to seven figures, heck, even $10 million per year. I have videos on that below. And again, I don't sell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you want to see the techniques I use in my businesses, the ads, the copywriting, the sales methods, it's all on this channel. Again, I'm not selling you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you do like these videos though, like I said earlier in the video, be sure to subscribe. I'm able to scrape all my subscribers. I'm going be releasing a free course in the future. for all my past courses and everything I've ever released to all my subscribers. If you don't want to subscribe and if you don't want to subscribe, I don't like you and I'm not giving you anything. So, do that. Like this video. I'll see you next video. Goodbye.